"""page:  xx.x\n"","
salary: $xx.xx to $xx.xx /hour
"""page:  xxx.x\n"","
"qualified candidates must be able to perform the essential functions of this position satisfactorily with or without a reasonable accommodation. disclaimer: this job post is not necessarily an exhaustive list of all essential responsibilities, skills, tasks, or requirements associated with this position. while this is intended to be an accurate reflection of the position posted, the company reserves the right to modify or change the essential functions of the job based on business necessity. *los angeles applicants: compass group will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the los angeles fair chance initiative for hiring (ban the box ordinance). req id: xxxxxx"
"you can now chat or text-to-apply, in addition to our standard online apply. just text job to xxxxx & search for the requisition id number xxxxxx . click here to view more."
salary: $xx.xx /hour
"""execution count"": xx,"
property number: xxxx
property number: xxx
"""page:  x.x\n"","
"""execution count"": x,"
"salary: $xx,xxx.xx to $xx,xxx.xx /year"
"""done, running time: xxxx.xxxxxxxxxxxx seconds\n"""
posting number xxxx-xxxxxx
"""plain textx = f.read()\n"","
zip code xxxxx
job id: xxxxxx
"""plain listx = plain textx.split(\""\\n\\n\\n\"")\n"","
high school diploma or equivalent
"""len(set(plain listx))"""
customer service: x years (preferred)
who we are:
duties and responsibilities
who you are:
cashier job description
what we offer:
paid vacation
spanish (preferred)
customer service: x year (preferred)
flsa status: non-exempt
must be at least xx years of age
today's date x/xx/xxxx
"""        if(jd num == xxxx):\n"","
job summary
job description
restaurant: x year (preferred)
"""        if(jd num == xxx):\n"","
salary: $x.xx /hour
salary: $x.xx to $xx.xx /hour
we are an equal opportunity employer.
additional information
other duties as assigned
vision insurance
opportunities for advancement
operating a cash register
-attention to detail
job summary:
"other skills and abilities: ability to use clock (standard/military time), calculator (optional) or credit card machine to handle transactions. ability to maintain a pleasant and mannerly demeanor when speaking on the telephone and with the public. ability to effectively respond to customer problems or complaints."
we are looking for you!
occasionally lifting up to xx lbs.
greets guests when they are entering and leaving to make them feel comfortable and welcome
growth opportunities
guest service:
need to be at least xx
handles guests problems efficiently and in a friendly manner
good communication skills
job title: cashier
job requirements
paid training
tuition reimbursement
following all company policies and procedures
key responsibilities
following safe money handling procedures and secure transaction practices
parental leave
advancement opportunities:
"- communication: communicates effectively with clients, members of management, business partners, and store associates"
food handler certification
xxxk retirement plan
food service: x year (preferred)
xxx-xxx-xxxx
paid time off (pto)
paid time off
mathematical skills:
xxx(k) plan
"mathematical skills: ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions and decimals. ability to make change."
paid sick leave
"adhere to department service standards and to all health, safety and university rules and regulations."
job requirements:
health benefits
what we're looking for
must be able to lift up to xx lbs. and stand for an entire shift
work in the produce department
xx years of age or older.
hospitality: x year (preferred)
xx years of age or older
must be at least xx years of age.
xx hour shift
working days:
x - x months
must be able to lift up to xx lbs.
what you bring:
"[insert other essential requirements] education/training high school or ged equivalent. experience cashier experience preferred. customer service experience preferred. physical demands standing, walking, lifting (up to xxlbs) and climbing."
multi-tasking
merchandising
internal employee referral bonus available
minimum qualifications:
minimum qualifications
minimum of xx years of age.
minimum age xx years of age
"ability to deliver information in a clear and respectable manner to fellow team members, customers, and vendors."
high school graduate or equivalent preferred
high school diploma or ged preferred
high school diploma or ged
minimally must be able to lift xx pounds without assistance; may lift over xx pounds with or without assistance.
health insurance
what’s in it for you?
ability to lift up to xx pounds
ability to lift up to xx lbs.
job overview
job number xxxxxxxx
why work for us?
high school diploma
"medical, dental, vision insurance"
high school diploma or equivalent preferred
must be xx years of age.
follow proper safety procedures when handling and/or preparing food additional requirements: must be xx years of age or older
high school diploma or equivalent.
must be xx years of age or older.
food handler (required)
this position is covered by a collective bargaining agreement between evergreenhealth and the service employees international union (seiu) healthcare xxxxnw. union membership is optional.
follow health and safety guidelines
core values
cashiering: x year (preferred)
"schedule: f/t: monday through friday, x:xx a.m. - x:xx p.m."
cashier: x year (required)
cashier: x year (preferred)
scholarship opportunities
cashier experience
reasoning ability: ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out detailed but standard written or oral instructions. ability to deal with problems involving a few concrete variables in standardized situations.
reasoning ability
customer service
cash handling: x years (preferred)
cash handling: x year (required)
cash handling: x year (preferred)
cash handling
"qualified candidates must be able to perform the essential functions of this position satisfactorily with or without a reasonable accommodation. disclaimer: this job post is not necessarily an exhaustive list of all essential responsibilities, skills, tasks, or requirements associated with this position. while this is intended to be an accurate reflection of the position posted, the company reserves the right to modify or change the essential functions of the job based on business necessity. *los angeles applicants: compass group will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the los angeles fair chance initiative for hiring (ban the box ordinance)."
customer service: x year (required)
qualifications:
serving: x year (preferred)
dental insurance
detail oriented
"bj's wholesale club was the first retailer to introduce the warehouse club concept in the northeastern united states. today, we’re a multibillion dollar operation with more than xxx clubs in xx states from maine to florida."
property number: xxxxx
schedule: f/t - x:xxam - x:xxpm. more details upon interview.
core accountabilities:
property number: x
charlotte russe
communication
responsibilities include:
responsibilities:
competitive pay
competitive salary
competitive wages
requirements:
requirements
requirement:
required skills:
retail: x year (preferred)
retirement plan
req id: xxxxxx
reports to: store management team
reports to: general manager
"salary: $x,xxx.xx to $x,xxx.xx /hour"
"chicago, il xxxxx"
salary: $xx.xx per hour - $xx.xx per hour graveyard
relevant: x years (preferred)
relevant: x year (preferred)
sales: x year (preferred)
property number: xx
starting wage: $xx.xx/hour plus a pay increase within the first year of employment duties and responsibilities:
pay frequency:
essential duties and responsibilities:
essential job functions:
essential physical requirements
positive attitude
position summary:
position summary
the company
position responsibilities:
the ideal candidate must:
physical requirements
physical demands: the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
physical demands:
physical demands
"as a cashier, you will:"
performing sales transactions
flexible hours
flexible schedule
flexible schedules
flexible scheduling
flexible spending account
flexible work schedule
and so much more!
essential functions:
"posted date: nov xx, xxxx"
status: non-exempt
"posting date nov xx, xxxx"
stocking: x year (preferred)
driver's license (preferred)
"promote company programs including warranty sales, scorecard (loyalty program), private-label credit cards, and other seasonal promotions"
duties and responsibilities:
professional development assistance
education & experience:
education and/or experience:
education and/or experience: less than high school education or up to one month related experience or training or equivalent combination of education and experience.
professional appearance
"education/training high school or ged equivalent. experience cashier experience preferred. customer service experience preferred. physical demands standing, walking, lifting (up to xxlbs) and climbing."
basic math skills
barista experience is a plus
employee discount
employee purchase program
"available shifts and compensation: we have available shifts all days of the week. compensation is $xx.xx - $xx.xx/hour. by applying to this job, you agree to receive a text message with a link to your profile as well as a text message when an employer has responded to your application."
available shifts and compensation: we have available shifts all days of the week. compensation is $xx.xx - $xx.xx/hour.
english (required)
attention to detail
team player
preferred qualifications
kitchen: x year (preferred)
responsibilities
"language skills: ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence and memos. ability to write simple correspondence. ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations to customers, clients, supervisors and other employees of the organization."
maintain company policies and standards at all times
"""metadata"": {"
"""metadata"": {},"
"""len(plain listx)"""
preparing special orders and party trays.
"preparing, using and maintaining daily sanitation solutions for the team in accordance with food safety guidelines."
prepping ingredients
"present a professional appearance and a cordial, businesslike presence, positive first impression of the dealership."
"presents a cheerful, positive manner"
"presents oneself professionally, in line with higher education environment."
presents self in a highly professional manner to others and understands that honesty and ethics are essential.
presents self in a highly professionalmanner to others and understands that honesty and ethics are essential.
prevents underage children from seeing adult audience (r-rated and nc-xx rated) movies.
prestigious fine dining restaurant is looking for experienced cashiers for their locations in new york city who can work in a fast pace environment. the cashiers will be responsible for securing of funds for daily meal transactions; depositing funds and balancing accounts and adhering to accounting practice for monies handled.
"preparing foods, such as sandwiches or baked goods, and grinding and blending coffee beans, brewing coffee and tea, and serving items to customers."
previous auto dealership experience is a plus
previous barista experience required
previous bartending experience required.
previous cash handling experience preferred
previous cashier experience preferred
previous cashier/customer experience preferred.
previous cashier/customer service experience preferred
preparing orders quickly and correctly
preparing all of mcdonald's world famous food
preparing food items
prepares and serve food according to menus.
prepare specialty espresso coffee drinks including lattes and cappuccinos
prepare toppings and drinks.
"prepare, package, weigh, and price products for sale"
prepared to serve the customer with a positive attitude at all times.
"prepared, in uniform & punctual for shift"
prepares all drink orders to company standards
prepares all settlement paperwork in a consistent and organized manner.
"prepares and processes payments for checks, credit card and wire-transfers."
"prepares bank deposit for ach, checks, and cash."
preparing amazing food throughout the day !
"prepares customer statements, bills and invoices."
prepares daily order document with necessary information and provides it to the driver for delivery.
"prepares documents for drivers, and for shipping; maintains credit card payments for cod customers for delivery and pick-up depending on branch operations."
"prepares food neatly, according to formula, and in a timely manner."
prepares inventory of area and orders necessary stock.
prepares monthly receivable statements.
"prepares sandwiches, salads, and wraps using recipe specifications"
previous cashiering or retail customer service experience strongly preferred
"maintain a strong knowledge of all skill, requirements, and duties related to the job."
previous computer and money handling skills preferred. position physical requirements:
previous clerical/data entry experience is preferred.
previous retail / and or customer services experience is an asset.
previous food and beverage experience required
previous food service experience a plus
"previous food, beverage or restaurant experience preferred"
previous front end or customer service experience preferred
previous host/hostess experience in restaurant or hospitality required.
"previous parking experience preferred if you describe yourself as a team player, enthusiastic, possess the drive and the willingness to make a significant contribution, we invite you to apply for this opportunity."
"previous pizza making experience is preferred, as well as having a nyc food handler’s license. knowledge of vegan food is a huge plus. if you think you would be a good candidate please include a brief cover letter and summary about yourself, and attach a resume."
previous relevant experience preferred but not required.
previous retail and cashiering experience a plus!
"previous experience with phones or telemarketing experience in the following fields: automotive, business development, customer service, highly preferable."
previous retail customer service experience preferred
previous retail experience
previous retail experience or other customer service experience
previous retail experience preferred
previous retail experience preferred.
previous retail experience required.
previous retail or cashier experience preferred but not required
previous retail or customer experience preferred but not required.
"previous experience with the process of the scripts, power tracks, and alternative choices."
previous experience with cash handling a plus.
"prepare salads, pastas, sandwiches, entrees, and appetizers."
previous dealership experience helpful but not required.
previous cooking experience preferred
previous customer service experience
previous customer service experience helpful
previous customer service experience preferred
previous customer service experience preferred. language skills and reasoning ability:
previous customer service experience required.
"previous customer service experience, and/or the ability to demonstrate high-level service, listening and resolution skills required."
previous customer service skills are preffered
previous experience as a cashier preferably in a hospital setting or corporate setting.
previous experience using a point of sale system.
"previous experience in a similar role is helpful but not required. there are full-time and part-time positions available. for more information about quest food management services, please visit our website at https://www.questfms.com/. quest food management services is an equal employment opportunity employer. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions."
previous experience in as a cashier.
previous experience in customer service and/or the restaurant or hospitality industry.
"previous experience in customer service, food service, or other related fields"
"previous experience in customer service, food service, or other related fields preferred"
previous experience in food service and customer service desired.
previous experience in operating and maintaining cash box and running credit card charges on terminal required documents
previous experience preferred
"prepare shakes, floats, custards, and concretes to recipes specifications"
"maintain, stock and ensure supplies necessary for the point-of-sale process"
"prepare rental and return doucments accurately and completely assist with inventory and verify all vehicles are ready for pick up verify vehicles gas tanks are at full and fluids are filled review rental parameters with all customers to ensure al complete understanding of our rates, services charges, and rules prepare rental agreements will all required information answer phones to assist customers in a friendly and helpful manner assist with cashiering needs assist customers by effectively resolving all customer service issues job requirements:"
pre-tax flexible spending accounts for healthcare and dependent care
practices excellent customer service.
practices operation invitation and positive customer interactions.
"practices professional salesmanship according to company policies and procedures in order to achieve maximum personal and store sales and provide the highest level of customer satisfaction. * adheres to all loss prevention policies, credit policies and procedures; i.e. credit cards, check approvals, discounts, return and exchange procedures. * ensures that all merchandise is properly ticketed and attractively displayed and maintains the section(s) that he/she is responsible for in accordance with company standards. * promotes total customer service in a friendly way. * communicates stock replenishment needs to store manager. * ensures that special orders are handled efficiently. * performs other duties as assigned by store manager and assistant manager – i.e. shipping and receiving of merchandise, verification of the merchandise, etc. * complies with all company policies and procedures."
"practices safe food and beverage handling and clean up at all times and must be able to communicate and interact with guests, handle crowds and put guests at ease."
practices safe work habits and reports any unsafe conditions to the manager.
pre-employment background check and drug screen is required
pre-employment background check and drug screening (hair sample required)
pre-tax commuter benefits;
precision in the handling of cash and credit purchases protects ahf and maximizes the revenue from the store.
practice safety consciousness at all times.
"precision, accuracy, reliability, and punctuality are key to success in this position."
"precision, accuracy, reliability, and punctuality are key."
prefer six months of experience in a retail environment.
prefer to have prior work experience with duane reade.
prefer to have prior work experience with walgreens.
"preferable knowledge of working microsoft word, computer literate/knowledge, data entry skills."
"preferred experience in a customer service related industry is an asset (parking, hospitality, etc.)"
"preferred experience, skills and education:"
practice security measures that help prevent theft; understand the procedures for handling shoplifters.
"practice safe work habits, follow all safety policies and procedures and regulations, complete company-wide safety training and additional job specific safety training"
"maintain a tidy and organized store, light cleaning as needed"
maintain a well-groomed and professional demeanor
possibly working weekends and holiday.
possibly working weekends and holidays
postage machine
maintain a well-groomed appearance and follow uniform standards
"posted date: oct x, xxxx"
"posted date: oct xx, xxxx"
posted internally and externally
posting details
practice safe food handling and cleanliness at all times. clean as you go!
posting notes: homegoods store xxxx || xxxx dempster || morton grove || il || xxxxx
maintain a valid driver’s license and immediately inform management of any changes in its status.
"potential certifications (such as nyc food handling, certified trainer, etc)."
potential corporate staff opportunities
potential corporate training
potential hires will be contacted and asked to fill out a job application for further review.
"practice all safety and sanitation standards, including (but not limited to) using a step stool to reach items above eye level, safely using all cleaning equipment and chemicals."
preferred experience:
preferred retail experience
previous retail or public customer contact experience desired; background in cashiering or retail grocery industry preferred
prepare drinks and dessert in accordance with customer needs
maintain a strong time and attendance record to ensure the smooth flow of departmental operations
"prepare and stock service areas for hot or cold beverages, such as coffee and teas."
prepare beverages by adhering to all recipe standards
prepare coffee and tea beverages for customers
"prepare cups, condiments and eating utensils for meals"
prepare customer orders with accuracy and efficiency
prepare deposits to the bank.
prepare drink and food retail items for sale
prepare drinks when customer order
"prepare and service salads, sandwiches and pizza to order"
"prepare espresso beverages, smoothies, fresh juices"
prepare food and beverage orders.
"prepare food for service using established procedures, standards and recipes"
"prepare food items quickly and accurately; this could include preparing noodle dishes, appetizers and salads"
prepare hot and cold drinks in accordance with customer needs
prepare menu items/pizza according to established procedures.
prepare packages (prescription and non-prescription items) for delivery and shipment
"prepare products quickly and accurately, while following all preparation, health and safety standards and guidelines when needed."
prepare and set up of food at an account and location
prepare and serve coffee and tea drinks that meet quality standards
"preferred skill- pos, credit card processing"
prep fresh ingredients
preferred skills:
"preferred skills: multi-tasker, safety-minded, team player and strong work ethic (you care about your team and the job you perform)."
preferred: cashier experience
preferred: outdoor enthusiast
preferred: x-x years previous experience in related position
"prep and prepare deli sandwiches , salads and pizza"
prep beverage stations and serve beverages.
"prep cook - assist head chef with preparing food, washing dishes and assisting kitchen staff"
prep sandwiches and other items ordered.
prepare and replenish product for sale in any department where applicable.
preparation of work areas for efficiency.
prepare a shift-change report at the completion of shift in accordance with company policies and procedures.
prepare all customer drinks effectively by following the tickets which tells you the appropriate ice and sugar level
prepare all food items as directed in a sanitary and timely manner
prepare all products following appropriate recipes and procedures.
prepare all recipes according to recipe standards
prepare and deliver drinks and other menu items in an expedient manner
prepare and generate daily cash and credit card transaction reports
prepare quality sandwiches and bagel orders to company standards.
"previous retail, cash-handling, merchandising skills, and customer service experience is a plus"
previous retail or service industry experience; cash handling/cashier experience preferred
processes purchases quickly and efficiently
processes lost ticket transaction ad records required information.
"processes member purchases in a courteous and friendly manner, including verifying, renewing, upgrading and offering several types of membership products, scanning merchandise, and accepting various forms of payments. provides excellent member service in an efficient and productive manner. maintains the overall cleanliness of the front-line department."
"processes monetary transactions (i.e., giving and receiving change, etc.) including cash, checks, gift cards, processing coupons, and refunds."
"processes monetary transactions (i.e., giving and receiving change, etc.) including cash, checks, gift certificates, travelers checks, food stamps, processing coupons, and refunds."
processes neighbors' purchases with trustworthy accuracy and efficiency
processes orders to the kitchen to ensure their preparation.
processes pass admissions.
processes payments and obtains authorized signatures.
processes refunds when necessary and completes any required forms.
processes gc on the go to-go orders.
"processes sales, exchanges, returns and other pos activities accurately and efficiently"
processing and overseeing third party reconciliations
processing cash and charge transactions and assisting supervisors with timely set-up and breakdown of all work areas
"processing of customer transactions, receiving and completion of payment."
"processing refunds and exchanges, resolving complaints."
processing refunds and exchanges.
maintain a safe work environment throughout the department
"processing sales quickly, accurately and efficiently."
processes invalid/damaged tickets and records required information.
"processes customer purchases, performs general cleaning duties, and returns misplaced items to shelves."
"produce - price chopper's produce team boasts a big, bountiful variety of fruits and vegetables from local farms and around the world, including a large collection of organic fare. if you are interested in educating our guests about the benefits of produce-rich diets, a career in produce is for you. we offer many different positions ranging from part-time clerks with flexible hours to full-time department managers."
process table fills and credits and/or ticket redemption machine fills/credits and jackpots as needed
process payments
process payments for parts service customers
process pos transactions accurately and efficiently
process pos transactions and accurately follow cash handling procedures
process sales and return transactions.
process sales transactions & ensure the customer finds what they are looking for.
process scan checking
process shipment and ensure merchandise is represented on sales floor.
"process tickets upon servers return, and call back each guest to confirm satisfaction."
processes credit card and debit card transactions.
"process transactions efficiently, including unloading carts, placing product on the belt, and bagging/boxing/loading packages"
process transactions on the pos using established procedures.
processes and monitors currency orders to ensure that cash is always available for transactions
processes and prepares shipment of daily cash deposits
processes and settles daily cash and credit transactions for all departments
"processes cash, charge and check payments accurately by applying currency aptitude, operating a credit card machine and verifying personal check according to procedures."
processes coupons and gift certificates as per standards.
processes credit card and debit card transactions
procurement
maintain a refreshingly clean environment
possession of finger and hand dexterity for using small tools and equipment.
"proficient in data entry, typing, knowledge of accounting, computers and ability to operate standard office equipment"
professional presentation
"professional, enthusiastic & supportive working environment"
"professional, upbeat and friendly attitude"
"proficiency in microsoft outlook, excel, and word"
"proficiency in the use and operation of all necessary tools and equipment, including the pos system, frequent diner, gift card and credit card terminals, as well as radio system"
proficiency with various pos's is preferred
proficient in all aspects of barista duties and payment handling
proficient in basic math.
proficient in microsoft office applications
professional personal appearance
proficient in relevant computer software
proficient time management skills
"proficient use of ms excel, word, computer systems."
proficient use of technology
proficient with technology.
profit share
profit sharing
profitability
professional personal appearancewe offer a comprehensive compensation package and benefits package and all the tools you will need to be successful and build a rewarding career.
maintain a positive attitude while working under pressure in a fast-paced environment
"maintain a professional appearance. ie: a high level of personal grooming, hygiene, and uniform appearance. see employee handbook for more detail."
professional appearance and demeanor.
produce and present freshly prepared products according to company and health department standards by following recipes or build sheets
product discounts
product knowledge – general knowledge of merchandise carried and where it is located in order to direct customers.
production associates
professional and courteous phone skills
professional and friendly
maintain a professional and friendly demeanor when working with both customers and employees
professional appearance and demeanor
professional appearance and eager to improve on all aspects
maintain a positive company morale
professional attitude
"maintain a positive, guest-centric attitude by listening, understanding and responding to guest needs while being committed to the customer first philosophy."
"maintain a positive, courteous demeanor at all times"
professional business appearance and demeanor
professional career development
professional cooking: x year (preferred)
professional demeanor at all times
professional development and internal growth opportunities.
process parking payments & help customers and answer help intercoms located on our automated parking pay stations
process outgoing merchandise by completing credit and cash transactions
process mini-bar tickets.
prior serving experience in a comparable restaurant environment
prior experience in higher education
prior experience in telemarketing and/or hospitality
prior experience supervising a money handling process.
prior experience using a point of sale system in similar (corporate cafe) setting
prior food service experience
prior pos experience in food service preferred
prior pos experience is preferred
"prior retail, cash-handling, and customer service experience required"
prior work experience in a retail environment preferred.
prior experience in a similar role is a plus.
prioritization skills
prioritizing requests and department activities while managing interruptions and attending to details to complete tasks within deadlines is a must
priority given first to those inquiring within.
"priorretail, cash-handling, and customer service experience required"
proactive and resourceful in solving problems and working under pressure
"proactively approach customers to identify their needs, providing recommendations that connect them to the right product"
"proactively engage customers, promote product and sales, build customer relationships, and provide g.r.e.a.t. customer service that encourage customer loyalty and add value to the fairway brand"
proactively find ways to improve the customer experience; show the confidence and courage to do what’s right; take action with energy and urgency
prior experience in a team environment requiring professional and effective communication skills
"prior experience as a restaurant or bakery crew member, team member, crew, counter person, clerk, cashier, customer service is desirable but not necessary. you are applying for work with a franchisee of dunkin' donuts/baskin-robbins, not dunkin' brands, inc., dunkin' donuts/baskin-robbins or any of their affiliates. any information you submit will be provided solely to the franchisee. if hired, the franchisee will be your only employer. franchisees are independent business owners who are solely responsible for their own employees and set their own wage and benefit programs that can vary among franchisees. special instructions please do not send any emails, resumes, or call."
process merchandise returns and refunds
primary responsibilities
previous retail/cashier experience is a plus but not required
previous server or restaurant experience preferred
"price chopper & market xx supermarkets is hiring for several capital district locations (albany, schenectady, bethlehem, troy, clifton park, latham, wilton). stop by our table by macy's at colonie center mall on friday, november xx from xx - x pm to be interviewed on the spot. complete your application now for immediate consideration!!"
primary customer service duties include:
"maintain a store section as assigned and may order, receive and stock merchandise using proper equipment, assures proper pricing on merchandise, checks product date codes to validate proper rotation, stocks shelves, end displays, floor stacks, displays and refrigerated/frozen cases. may prepare perishable products for sale. sets up advertising/promotional displays. reviews invoices/bills for accuracy."
primary job duties:
"primary job functions: provides prompt, efficient and friendly customer service by exhibiting caring concern and patience in all customer interactions and treating customers as the most important people in the store. smiles and greets customers in a friendly manner, whether the encounter takes place in the associate's designated department or elsewhere in the store. genuinely thanks each customer and invites them back. assists customers by: (examples include) escorting them to the products they're looking for securing products that are out of reach loading or unloading heavy items making note of and passing along customer suggestions or requests performing other tasks in every way possible to enhance the shopping experience. works with co-workers as a team to ensure customer satisfaction and a pleasant work environment. operates cash register accurately and scans all products. redeems promotional coupons, wic checks and rain checks; receives cash, checks, and ebt/eft transactions; counts back change, issues receipts and catalina coupons. changes register tape and ribbons as necessary. places merchandise in bags and or cart in a neat, organized fashion. assists courtesy clerks as needed. answers customer questions and concerns and follows-up with appropriate personnel. understands and follows local, state, and company policies on sales of tobacco and liquor. ensures compliance with local, state, and federal guidelines regarding wic and ebt. required to know value, look-up numbers, department numbers, and features of items for which money is received. skills and abilities required to perform job: (physical demands outlined on attached par sheet) must have the ability to solve practical problems and deal with multiple variables as they are presented. must have the ability to do arithmetic calculations involving fractions, decimals, and percentages. have the ability to understand and follow written, verbal or demonstrated instructions, write identifying information, and request supplies verbally or in writing. visual requirements include vision from less than xx inches to more than xx feet with depth perception, and field of vision. must be able to work shift varying in length and times, including nights, weekends and holidays. """
"maintain a safe, clean, and organized workstation."
primary responsibilities:
prior cashier or sales experience preferred.
"maintain a safe, clean and well-organized working and shopping environment."
primary vs. secondary responsibilities
principal duties and responsibilities
"principals only. recruiters, please don't contact this job poster."
principle duties and responsibilities:
prior boba tea preparation experience a plus.
prior cashier or food prep experience required
prior cashier or retail experience required
proactively participates in regional front end programs as directed by leadership.
proactively protects critical limits and standards assigned to product critical control points.
"proactively resolve customer concerns in a manner consistent with company policy, and with customer satisfaction in mind; partner with store leadership team on elevated customer issues."
"process customer transactions through the register and customer service desk • collect and processes payment from customer and enters into register system (includes applying coupons, providing change and receipts)"
"maintain a safe, clean and well-organized working and shopping environment by changing tapes and ribbon as needed, sweeping floors, and completing sweep logs."
"process checks as instructed (ie: proper id, verification, guarantee if applicable)"
process credit card payments and ensure that customers sign counter slips
process credit card payments and ensure that customers sign counter slips.
"process credit/debit cards as instructed (ie: proper signatures, verify amounts)"
process customer transactions
process customer transactions and maintain an accurate cash drawer throughout shift.
process customer transactions through the register and customer service desk
process daily revenue of attended facilities in accordance with company procedure
proactively seek personal learning and development opportunities to build leadership skill set and enhance individual performance.
process incoming phone calls and ensure proper greeting and accurate message taking human resources
process information and merchandise through computer and pos register system.
"process layaways, returns, and exchanges"
process lotto transactions (will train)
process management
"process merchandise returns and exchanges,"
"maintain a safe, clean and well-organized establishment."
process merchandise returns and exchanges.
"process cash, credit, and coupon transactions quickly"
"process cash, credit and coupon transactions quickly"
"process cash, checks, money orders, credit/debit card payments received from respondents at the cashier windows;"
"process cash, check and credit card transactions"
problem solving abilities
"problem solving and decision making – make good decisions based on analysis, experience and judgment."
problem solving skills
problem-solving skills to effectively assist customers in a wide range of different transactions.
process all forms of payment according to policy.
"process all forms of payments (i.e., cash, credit, checks, ebt, wic, rain checks, coupons, vouchers, gift cards, etc) in accordance with company guidelines."
process all inbound deliveries (using the receive application) to ensure inventory accuracy
process all inbound deliveries(using the receive application)to ensure inventory accuracy.
"process all of the various types of sales transactions accepted by the store including but not necessarily limited to authorized accounts receivable sales, eft transactions, wic coupons, food stamps, manufacturers' coupons, gift certificates, etc. in strict accordance with established company policies and procedures including full compliance with any legal requirements or regulations governing same."
"maintain a safe, clean and well-organized working and shopping environment by changing tapes as needed, sweeping floors, and completing all required logs."
"process all payment methods in accordance with accounting procedures and policies. follow property control audit standards and cash handling procedures (e.g., blind drops). obtain assigned bank and ensure accuracy of contracted monies, obtaining change required for expected business level, and keeping bank secure at all times. count bank at end of shift, complete designated cashier reports, resolve any discrepancies, drop off receipts, and secure bank. transport bank to/from assigned workstation. set up and organize cashier workstation with designated supplies, forms, and resource materials; and maintain cleanliness of workstation at all times. complete opening duties including setting up necessary supplies and tools, including bank, and ensuring everything is in working order."
process all required paperwork according to established procedures.
"process all sale transactions by receiving payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic debits."
process buyback and returns transactions on the pos following established procedures.
process cash and charge transactions
process cash and credit card transactions utilizing pos system.
"process cash transactions accurately (ie: give proper change, check for fake dollar bills)"
maintain accurate cash drawer
possesses excellent customer service skills
possessing integrity
performs other duties as assigned
"performs daily assigned sizing and recovery per company best practice to ensure a neat, clean and organized store that is well-maintained and efficiently merchandised to standards."
"performs daily department maintenance tasks including stock work, re-merchandising, display, price markdowns, merchandise transfers and light cleaning."
"performs duty roster and ensures cleanliness, service, and quality standards are met."
performs light paperwork duties as assigned.
"performs opening, closing, change of shift or early out procedures as assigned by shift manager. required qualifications education: high school diploma or equivalent preferred but not required."
"performs opening, mid, and closing duties as assigned."
"performs opening, mid, and closing duties as assigned; ensures accuracy of signs and pricing."
performs other clerical tasks related to maintaining the accounts receivable records for an organization.
performs other duties as assigned by a supervisor.
"performs cashiering duties, including making cash transactions, verifying cash drawer, giving change, counting cash receipts and completing cash reports. may also perform general food service work. maintains sanitation standards in the preparation, service and dining room facilities. + full-time benefits include: medical, dental, vision and flexible spending accounts. in addition, you'll receive commuter benefits, wellness program, employee assistance, life insurance for associates and eligible dependents, short and long term disability, ad&d insurance, discount marketplace and more! company introduction:"
performs other duties as assigned by management
"performs other duties as assigned by store, regional, or national leadership."
performs other duties as assigned or needed.
"performs other duties as assigned, including working in other departments as needed."
performs other duties as assigned.
"performs other duties as assigned. immediately report to management any situation or condition that jeopardizes the safety, welfare, or integrity of the dealership, its employees, or customers. comply with all company policies as required. ie: meal and rest period policy, timekeeping, etc. please refer to the employee handbook for further detail. complete all required hr training modules in kpa complete all required certification courses respective to position. maintain a valid driver’s license and immediately inform management of any changes in its status. maintain a professional appearance. ie: a high level of personal grooming, hygiene, and uniform appearance. see employee handbook for more detail. marginal duties"
performs other duties as assigned. knowledge of:
performs other duties as needed.
"performs cleaning duties, including cleaning of equipment and work areas, storage areas, dishwashing and pot washing."
"performs cashiering duties including cash accountability, sanitation of the work station and maintains a professional and courteous manner with the customers."
performs other duties as requested.what you bring:
"performs ""buy bank"" procedures by verifying that all currency, chips, paperwork, and pull-tabs have been accurately counted. always counts money, checks paperwork, performs turn-ins and counts pull-tabs."
performance
performance based raises.
"performance of the essential functions of this position requires the team member to possess the minimum qualifications listed above. these functions include, but are not limited to, the following:"
"performance standards – supports company shrink and safety initiatives. meets established performance standards for the role on a consistent basis, including (but not limited to) the company’s credit goals, product and service sales, customer service, profit, productivity and attendance."
"performance standards – supports company shrink and safety initiatives. meets established performance standards for the role on a consistent basis, including (but not limited to) the company’s icap program, product and service sales, customer service, profit, productivity, and attendance. core competencies & accomplishments:"
performing all functions relating to the handling of merchandise or cash in accordance with company policy
performing month end journal entries
performing other tasks as assigned.
"performs a wide variety of restaurant related tasks including providing excellent guest service, taking orders, answering phones, handling all take out items, accurately operate cash register system, making espresso, smoothies and shakes, assisting guests with special requests, completing assigned side work duties and working as a team member. when needed acting as a food expeditor and/or server. adherence to pro’s core values and our mission statement is expected and is critical to the success of the pro sports club food services department."
performs cashier duties using the pos system.
performs ad-hoc projects based on supervisory directions.
performs administrative tasks efficiently
"performs all duties in a safe and responsible manner to assure workers, customers, suppliers/contractors and the environment are not at risk. comply with all company safety policies, procedures and instructions. uses materials handling procedures and equipment provided to minimize contamination or injury. reports to management any unsafe practice or condition and follows all liberty safety initiatives."
performs all other duties as assigned.
performs all other duties as assigned. required qualifications and competencies:
performs basic bookkeeping duties. records lost/damaged goods and store supplies using appropriate tools.
performs basic math skills and is proficient at xx-key
"performs cash-in procedure- accounting for all forms of money, bread, etc., during the shift."
performs other duties as requested.
performs other duties as required or assigned
possesses strong organizational skills with attention to detail
pharmacy looking for an experienced cashier/clerk.russian speaking speaking preferred but not required. great work environment. eligible candidate should have good personal and phone communication skills and be experienced in dealing with doctors' offices and patients. quality and productive work is very appreciated by management and is well rewarded.
perks: new hires eligible for sign on bonus after x months of employment!
perks: orca pass subsidized. ask for details!
personal leadership development
personalize food delivery to the guest with a smile and specific descriptions of the items delivered
"personnel at personal touch are required to maintain a professional appearance at all times. this includes good hygiene; and, dressing in clean, neat, professional clothing or uniforms as required. specific food service hygiene and dress code requirements are addressed separately in the employee manual."
pet insurance
pet insurance what is a box office / cashier?
pharmacy is seeking a full-time cashier that has knowledge of how to operate a cash register and is proficient in basic tasks on a computer. previous experience is a plus. applicants should meet the following requirements:
pharmacy technician: x year (preferred)
"perks: discounts to usc sporting events, usc bookstores, wireless plans, travel, accommodations, and local entertainment."
phone communication etiquette
"maintain and develop relationships with clients, guests and staff during events by using their names whenever possible and anticipating their needs."
photocopy machine
"physical ability to perform tasks that may require prolonged standing, sitting, and other activities necessary to perform job duties."
"physical ability to stand for extended periods and to move and handle boxes of merchandise and fixtures throughout the store, which entails lifting, and perform all functions as set forth above"
physical and mental demands:
"maintain and clean various areas of the gas station to include but not limited to restrooms inside convenient store, parking perimeter and dispensers."
physical demands and work conditions
perks: meal voucher and free employee parking! we make it easy!
perks: all new hires eligible for $xxx sign on bonus after x months of employment!
performs other duties as required to help lchc accomplish its mission. required skills or abilities requires the ability to do repetitive work without any errors.
performs sales tractions utilizing department standards and policies.
performs other duties specified or assigned.
performs other related duties as assigned or requested. the university reserves the right to add or change duties at any time.
performs other related duties as assigned.
performs other work-related duties as assigned.
"performs prep work such as washing, peeling, cutting and seeding fruits and vegetables. weighs and measures designated ingredients."
performs responsibilities as directed achieving desired results within expected time frames and with a high degree of quality and professionalism.
"performs restroom checks, answers phones, keeps lobby area clean of debris, and keeping the general work area stocked and cleaned."
performs routine food service activities according to established operational policies and procedures.
performs sales transactions in a timely fashion.
"perks, pay, benefits:"
performs sales transactions.
performs within aldi acts competencies as outlined below. aldi acts competencies: commits to and supports a collaborative working environment with peers and managers.
performshigh-quality work while unsupervised.
periodically checks restrooms for cleanliness and proper stocking of supplies.
"periodically, walks store to ensure awareness of promotional and sales items as well as weekly advertisements, and new produce items."
peripheral electronic data processing
perk and compensation:
perks and discounts programs
perform the duties described in compliance with local laws and regulations.
"perform safety inspection of tanks and pumps once per day, checking gaskets, locks, etc."
perform register sales transactions quickly and accurately in accordance with established cash control procedures and customer service guidelines.
perform any related duties/assignments as directed by management.
"perform all duties in accordance with local, state and federal regulations as they pertain to the front-end operation."
maintain brand and operational standards.
perform all other duties as assigned.
perform all regular cleaning activities and other tasks that are included on job assignments
maintain backroom organization and location accuracy and follow equipment guidelines.
perform any other duties as assigned by management.
maintain backroom organization and location accuracy and follow equipment guidelines
perform any other work-related duties as assigned.
perform basic administrative and other duties as assigned.
maintain checkout operations by following policies & procedures
perform basic inventory functions such as stocking shelves or counting on hand quantities
perform basic math functions to collect payments and make change
perform basic math functions to collect payments and make changes.
perform basic math skills and proficient at xx-key
perform cashier duties
perform cashier functions and follow minor policy while completing customer transactions
"perform cleaning duties including mopping, sweeping, dusting and cleaning windows."
"perform cleaning tasks, food prep, etc., as directed."
"perform all duties in accordance with company rules, policies, safety requirements, and security standards, and all local, state and federal health and civil code regulations."
perform all cashiering duties and posts parking charges to epitome.
perform product demos and explain product features to customers
maintain clean and orderly checkout areas like sweeping and mopping.
pay starts at $xx.xx+. more with experience! hire on bonus $xxx for full time positions and $xxx refer a friend. restrictions apply. flexible schedule available.
"pcam, llc is currently hiring a part-time valet/cashier attendant at one of our los angeles facilities to assist incoming customers."
pcc is a company where culture and values are at the heart of who we are and what we do. everyone at pcc is expected to:
"people are drawn to careers at steak n shake because its a great place to work. they stay because its also a great place to grow, both personally and professionally. whatever your talents and aspirations, theres an opportunity at steak n shake to match."
people person who loves fashion
"people work for people – uses this philosophy to grow careers, encourage teamwork and retain talent through a development-focused environment."
people-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projects
people-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
"pepe auto group believes our success is attributed to our employees. family-owned since xxxx, we have continued to grow our business and culture while holding true to our values of honesty, integrity, and professionalism."
"perform all cash register/point-of-sale functions accurately and efficiently, such as: sales, returns, exchanges, credit card sales, lay-a-ways, special orders, transfer in/out, etc."
pepe auto group is looking for a cashier / client follow-up representative to join our team.
pepe automotive group is always looking for talented individuals to join our team. we are committed to finding the best employees for each role and proactively search for candidates. the position you are applying for may currently not be open. we encourage you to please apply for future consideration.
perception and ability to adjust focus. work environment
maintain clean and orderly check out areas
perfect opportunity for college students
"perform accurate cash settlement and balancing procedures by verifying that all currency, chips and the paperwork associated with all transactions are accurately accounted for and turned in at the end of each shift by use of computer and manual counting skills."
"perform additional duties as required including, but not limited to, stocking, freight processing, price changes and cart retrieval education/experience/qualifications:"
perform all assigned side work to include replenishing condiments and restocking side stands
"perform clerical duties such as cleaning, organizing work areas, restocking supplies"
"perform closing duties including clean up, product storage, and trash removal."
"perform closing responsibilities, storing and cleaning of all line items and restocking all areas assigned."
perform other job-related duties as assigned.
perform other duties as assigned by team leader / store leadership.
perform other duties as assigned by the manager.
perform other duties as assigned.
perform other duties as assigned. other requirements include:
perform other duties as needed.
perform other duties as required
perform other duties as required by management.
maintain and promote items including new items and weekly specials.
perform other reasonable job duties as requested by supervisors minimum job qualifications:
perform correction and overrides.
perform other related duties as assigned by the kitchen manager or manager-on-duty.
perform other related duties as assigned or requested. the university reserves the right to add or change duties at any time.
perform other related duties as assigned.
perform other restaurant duties as assigned
perform other tasks as assigned by manager from time-to-time
"perform other tasks as necessary and assigned by management, which may at times include assisting in other departments."
perform other work as assigned
perform primary duties efficiently and accurately.
perform other duties as assigned by supervisor.
perform other duties as assigned
perform other duties and tasks as assigned
perform other duties and responsibilities as requested by management staff or shift leaders.
perform counter balance verifications with the counter management.
"perform daily inventory counts, as applicable."
perform daily procedures
perform duties in accordance with hand washing standards and use disposable gloves when handling unpackaged foods.
perform duties in accordance with the company’s program and adhere to the manufacturer’s label instructions for the safe and proper use of all chemical products.
perform duties of a barista and food preparation as needed
perform duties which require bending and reaching
perform emissions tests
"perform friendly, courteous, tactful relations with customers and co-workers with composure."
perform full-service fueling
perform general cleaning duties; removes trash and garbage to designated areas.
perform general housekeeping duties necessary to maintain a professional and clean check out area
"perform light-duty mechanical work (headlights, batteries, etc…training provided)"
perform miscellaneous roles assigned by management that would help the team on an as-needed basis
perform opening and closing procedures for the assigned foh station.
"perform opening, closing, daily cleaning, and sidework duties as required."
perform other duties and assignments as directed.
physical demands and work environment:
physical demands and working environment
physical demands are:
position requirements:
"position may include cook, cashier, and/or server responsibilities, requiring walking, bending, twisting, reaching, stooping, kneeling, crouching, pushing, pulling or moving objects up to xx pounds"
position overview
position overview:
position pays minimum to $xx.xx based on experience.
position physical requirements:
position preferences / requirements:
position purpose:
position requirements
"position requires prolonged standing, bending, stooping, twisting, and lifting products and supplies weighing up to xx pounds and repetitive hand and wrist motion. can include working outdoors in various temperatures. also, work with sharp and hazardous equipment as well as work with phones, computers, and other office equipment."
"position information:receives callers at the dealership, determines the nature of their business, and directs callers to their destination. answers basic inquiries, routes incoming calls, takes messages, and provides basic information to all callers. organizes dealership records in an efficient manner enabling easy and quick retrieval."
maintain an awareness of all promotions and advertisements.
"maintain an awareness of all product knowledge information, merchandise promotions, test merchandise, and advertisements."
maintain an awareness of all menu items.
"maintain an awareness of all menu information, promotions, merchandise and advertisements."
"position summary: must possess a gracious, enthusiastic personality. a genuine commitment to hospitality is required. provide friendly, efficient and accurate service. duties & responsibilites: use cash register, point of service (pos) system and balance cash receipts. / maintain cleanliness and organization of workspace. / report all equipment problems and bar maintenance issues to restaurant manager or owner. / assist the restocking and replenishment of products and supplies. / be available to fill in as needed to ensure the smooth and efficient operation as directed by owners and/or managers. / comply with all food and beverage regulations. / adhere to guidelines and policies outlined in the employee handbook. / contribute to team effort by accomplishing related duties as needed or requested by management. skills & qualifications: be xx years of age. / maintain a positive attitude towards guests and co-workers. / have cashier experience, preferrable in high volume food service. / possess basic math skills and have the ability to handle money and operate a cash register. / possess food handlers/servsafe certificate as required by law. / be able to work in a standing position for long periods of time (up to x hours excluding breaks), lift items up to xxlbs and conduct frequent hand washing. the information contained herein is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of the duties and responsibilities of the job, nor are they intended to be an all-inclusive list of the skills and abilities required to do the job. management may, at its discretion, assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. the duties and responsibilities in this job description may be subject to change at any time due to reasonable accommodation or other reasons."
"position summary: the cashier is responsible for accurately processing retail merchandise transactions, maintaining the balance of the cash drawer, and providing customer service to guests of the location. essential functions and responsibilities of the position may vary by aramark location based on client requirements and business needs."
"position summary: the cashier is responsible for accurately processing retail merchandise transactions, maintaining the balance of the cash drawer, and providing customer service to guests of the location. essential functions and responsibilities of the position may vary by aramark location based on client requirements and business needs. essential functions:"
position summary: the food service baker/cashier is responsible for completion of all baking functions as well as all cashier responsibilities.
"position may include cook, cashier and/or server responsibilities"
position id: jxxxx-xxxx
"pokebab is hawaiian poke restaurant looking for fast paced, detail oriented line and prep cooks, cashiers & servers to join our team! part-time and full-time positions are available. we're open x days a week from xxam-xxpm. please send resume or description of your experience in the body of your reply. we looking for night shifts x to close for x days during weekdays."
pos training and money handling
"policy statement: jimmy jazz and all its subsidiary companies are equal opportunity employers. we will not discriminate or make hiring decisions based on race, religion, creed, color, national origin, sex, political affiliation, sexual orientation or any other criteria that would violate any federal or state laws."
"policy statement: jimmy jazz and all its subsidiary companies are equal opportunity employers. we will not discriminate or make hiring decisions based on race, religion, creed, color, national origin, sex,political affiliation, sexual orientation or any other criteria that would violate any federal or state laws"
polite and friendly
popbigflats@gmail.com
"popping yolk cafe in alhambra, ca is currently seeking cashiers & servers with high energy, enthusiasm, and is excited about the opportunity to learn and grow in a fast paced setting."
portion and arrange menu options.
portion food products prior to cooking according to standard portion sizes and recipe specifications.
pos set-up is timely and effective
"position guidelines- lead cashier lead cashier shares in the overall responsibility for generating maximum sales potential through upholding high customer service standards, maintaining store appearance, keeping merchandise filled to the appropriate levels on the sales floor and minimizing shortages. although this is not a management position, the lead cashier has a limited level of authority to conduct specific management register functions to assist store management on a daily basis. overall responsibilities"
position category store associate
"position category: part - time position reporting to snack bar supervisor afternoon shift, rotating weekend schedule."
position description
position description:
position description: cashier
"position details cashier early am shift. hours- x:xxam-xx:xxpm seeking cashier who excel at guest service and enjoy working in a fast paced working environment. the perfect candidate will have the ability to be flexible, pleasant and display a positive attitude with guests and co-workers while also being able to accurately ring up merchandise and product in an efficient manner. you will need to be comfortable approaching guests to offer service and sell products and also be a willing team member to help complete tasks like stocking and cleaning the store. equal employment opportunity delaware north companies, incorporated and its subsidiaries consider applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status. delaware north is an equal opportunity employer. who we are at delaware north, you’ll love where you work, who you work with, and how your day unfolds. whether it’s in sporting venues, casinos, airports, national parks, iconic hotels, or premier restaurants, there’s no telling where your career can ultimately take you. we empower you to do great work in a company with xxx years of success, stability and growth. if you have drive and enjoy the thrill of making things happen - share our vision and grow with us. all applicants will be subject to a pre-employment background check and may be subject to a pre-employment drug test depending upon the position and/or client requirements. delaware north companies, incorporated and its subsidiaries consider applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status. delaware north is an equal opportunity employer."
position duties
position goal
position title: cashier
position title: counter service cashier
position title: sales associate reports to: retail manager responsibilities:
possess suitable communications skills to create a positive interaction experience with our customers. other requirements
possess an acceptable driving record and a valid driver’s license in your state of residence
possess basic math skills
"maintain all department sanitation and qa standards including cleaning and sanitizing all work surfaces, utensils and equipment, sweeping, mopping, removing cardboard and trash as needed, and being able to operate a baler or compactor. keep floor clear of debris and spills."
possess ca food handler certificate
possess integrity and professionalism
maintain all cash handling documentation for their drawer
possess positive customer service skills.
possess some customer service experience.
possess the ability to upsell
position title: sales associate/cashier
maintain accurate department signage and pricing
possess the ability to work both independently and as part of a team.
possess the ability to work with several customers at one time while maintaining individual customer satisfaction.
"possess thorough knowledge of the events, attractions, etc. in the surrounding city area and provide information and directions as requested."
"possess thorough knowledge of the hotel’s services, outlets and daily functions/events to proactively guide and inform guests and visitors."
possesses complete knowledge of all procedures related to the job.
project a positive representation of haggerty ace hardware.
possesses strong communication skills
posses the ability to handle high stress and volume of customers while maintaining a positive shopping experience for the customer.
"positive, outgoing and courteous is a must"
"positive, friendly attitude with excellent client service and communication skills you’ll love working here because:"
positive attitude!
position type and expected hours of work
position type non-management/hourly start your journey with us
position type regular part-time
position type seasonal part-time
position type: regular sephora stores
position type: temporary sephora stores
position: general cashier
position: sales/food service associate
position: seasonal sales associate
positionoutline
positions available at sound beach location.
"positions include but are not limited to grill, cashier, deli, salad bar, nutrition services aid, pantry aide, and catering. responsibilities include, but not limited to:"
positive and fun environment - we like the people we work with
positive and respectful work environment where diversity is valued apply now if you:
"maintain an accurate cash drawer, ensuring that all transactions are accounted for by the end of the shift"
positive attitude and energy
positive attitude and work ethic;
policy and procedure
"poke bowl restaurant seeking counter service and cashiers, locate in xx deer park ave babylon nyxxxxx"
"physical demands while performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to:"
pleasantly deal with customers to ensure satisfaction
pilot flying j provides an extensive training program to help provide new hires with everything they need to succeed and thrive in our fast-paced environment!
piroshky piroshky is looking to hire a part-time cashier for our southcenter mall location.
piroshky piroshky is looking to hire part-time cashiers for our pike place market bakery.
pizza chef - prepare fresh pizza for customers
plan ahead for stocking and ordering needs
"plans and prioritizes: makes decisions, sets priorities and organizes information while thinking about the pros and cons of possible outcomes and maintaining compliance with aldi standards. education and experience: high school diploma or equivalent preferred."
pleasantly answer telephones and answer customer inquiries. successful candidates will have
pleasantly deal with customers and handle the customers’ cash transactions;
please apply for this position on the isd career website:
pick up stix
please apply in person at one of the following locations:
please apply in person. applications are onsite.
please apply online at www.workxtims.com if you're interested in this position.
please apply only if you have supermarket experience.
please attach a resume if available and your contact information to the response. a quick paragraph about yourself will also be helpful.
please attach your resume
please attach your resume when applying for this position.
please be aware of restaurant location when applying to be sure you understand what your commute may look like and where your potential interview will be.
"pilot flying j is committed to making life better for professional drivers. pilot flying j has over xxx retail locations and is the largest operator of travel centers and travel plazas in north america. with over xxx restaurants, we are one of the largest restaurant franchisees in america. we serve our customers xx hours a day, xxx days a year. if you are customer-service driven and thrive in a fast-paced, high-energy environment, then we've got the opportunity you've been looking for."
pick up and dispose of trash throughout the store
point-of-sale (cash register) and credit or debit card processing skills
physical requirements (with or without accommodations):
"physical demands – the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by a team member to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. while performing the duties of this job, the lead cashier is frequently required to stand; walk and use hands to finger, handle, or feel. the employee is occasionally required to reach with hands and arms; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl."
"physical demands.while performing the duties of this job, you are required to stand up to xxx% of the shift; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel objects or controls; reach with arms and hands; climb stairs; balance; stoop, kneel; crouch or crawl; talk; hear; taste; smell. you are regularly required to lift items and at times may be required to move or lift up to xx pounds. specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision, distant vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus."
maintain an upbeat positive attitude while being courteous to our guests throughout the transaction.
"physical demands: in general, the following physical demands are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to allow differently-abled individuals to perform the essential functions of the job."
"physical demands: must be able to work in a standing position for prolonged periods of time. must be able to work under stress, have excellent organizational skills and multi-task throughout shift. must have a clean, professional appearance with excellent grooming habits. food knowledge, preparation, production and safety: must be able to learn and describe menu items to guests when requested."
"maintain an organized, clean and well stocked front desk/cash wrap area"
physical functions:
maintain an orderly appearance at the register
physical requirements / working conditions
physically capable of standing for long hours.
"physical requirements ability to lift, push and pull up to xx lbs"
physical requirements and working conditions for all positions:
"physical requirements include standing (up to x hours at time); walking, bending and stooping (while serving and stocking). requirements also include lifting (up to xx pounds) while bringing in umbrellas, tables, chairs and/or stocking supplies. approximately xx% of time is spent in a standing and/or walking mode. brand: farmer boys"
"physical requirements include the ability to twist, bend, squat, reach, climb a ladder and stand for extended periods of time, including repetitive use of upper extremities."
physical requirements:
"physical requirements: lift up to xx lbs., stand for prolonged periods of time"
"physical: primary functions require sufficient physical ability and mobility to work in an shop setting; to stand or walk for prolonged periods of time; including, bending, kneeling, crouching, reaching, squatting, and twisting; to lift, carry, push, and/or pull moderate to heavy amounts of weight (up to xx or team-lift up to xxx pounds); to operate office and shop equipment requiring repetitive hand movement and fine coordination, handle or feel objects, tools or controls; and to verbally communicate to exchange information."
physicalability to stand for extended periods and to move and handle boxes of food andsupplies which entails lifting up to xx lbs
"please be familiar with working in a high-volume, non-stop environment."
please be sure to specify the job and location you are applying for
please bring in your application on tuesday afternoons from x:xxpm to x:xxpm.
"please send your resume and cover letter indicating the position of interest to: human resources department, long island children’s museum, xx davis avenue, garden city, ny xxxxx; (xxx) xxx-xxxx (fax); or via e-mail to resumes@licm.org. no phone calls, please. this position serves as a vital “first impression” to enhance the visitors experience at long island children’s museum. the successful candidate must be positive, motivated and upbeat. cashiers are responsible for welcoming visitors to the museum, explaining program and procedures for the sale of tickets and proficient using our box office ticketing system. excellent “people” and communication skills, experience handling cash (including opening and closing registers) and computer literacy are required."
"please reply with resume, availability, and brief description of why you would be a great addition to our team of espresso makers!"
"maintain an open line of communication with management, informing them of products and supplies needed."
please review the important information for all usc job applicants page for more details regarding your rights and obligations as a job candidate.
please review the job profile below and apply today!
please send resume with name of the store you worked at to get a quick response back do not call the store to inquire about the job no one would be able to help you if you are right candidate you will be contacted once by phone to schedule a interview you would not be able to reschedule also their will be no email communication after the first contact not looking to waste time replying to questions with emails
please send these info below when you apply
please send us your resume we would love to meet you!
please send your cover letter and resume as well as three professional references and your availability to shonna @ indichocolate . com
please send your resumes.
please call ‭xxx-xxx-xxxx after x pm for more information about ice cream maker and cashier‬
"please state your language proficiency, desired position,"
please walk-in to apply.
"pledge to be ""open to all"""
pledge to be “open to all”
plenty of hours and flexible schedules for full-time & part-time
"plum market - now hiring cashiers - full and part time. no experience required. we offer training in a fast paced, fun environment. plum market - xxxx north wells, chicago, il. plum market is not your neighborhood grocery store. it is much, much more. we are committed to offering the very best selections of all natural, organic, local, and specialty items in a full-service retail grocery shopping experience. we want nothing less than to revolutionize the way our community shops for food. our team members are passionate about delivering the highest quality food and essentials to our guests, helping them achieve a better lifestyle. we make our team members and our guests our top priority by delivering the best possible experience with our extraordinary service. benefits of working at plum market:"
point of sale systems (pos)
"point out any sales, specials, or new merchandise to customers."
please read our ad carefully before applying
please read notice on bottom before applying!!!!
"please only reply to this posting if you truly want to work, have reliable transportation, and reliable childcare."
please only apply if you are able to interview and start right away.
please come in and fill out an application.
please contact us for information at (xxx) xxx-xxxx
please do not call the store and no walk-in interviews.
please do not call the store directly.
"please email a copy of your resume and a brief paragraph about yourself to : brendant@breadnspread.com your application will not be considered otherwise. available shifts and compensation: we have available shifts all days of the week. compensation depends on your experience. by applying to this job, you agree to receive a text message with a link to your profile as well as a text message when an employer has responded to your application."
please email your resumes and availability for an interview.
please fax or email application
please forward resume via indeed for review!
"please forward resumes (with references, if any) via e-mail. please include your best contact information."
please include work availabilities if you were to be hired.
please inquire in store
please list your age here.
please make sure to apply directly to ross dress for less store # xxxx. address: xxxx w sunset blvd los angeles ca xxxxx.
please note this is an on-call position. job duties
"please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice."
"please note: a confirmation number will be assigned when your application packet indicates the supplemental questions have been answered and a document has been attached to each required link. assistance with the online application process is available through the office of human resources at xxxx n. grand avenue, walnut, ca xxxxx-xxxx. human resources: (xxx) xxx-xxxx. e-mail: employment@mtsac.edu. do not include photographs or any demographic information (e.g. d.o.b, place of birth, etc.) on your application or supporting documents. travel policy: costs associated with travel in excess of xxx miles one way from residence for the purpose of an interview will be reimbursed up to $xxx maximum. relocation costs will be borne by the successful candidate. travel reimbursement claims (original receipts) must be submitted no later than xx days following the interview date.   foreign transcripts:"
please note: candidates who do not have previous experience in a restaurant and with micros system will not be considered.
"project a friendly, outgoing demeanor; work well with customers as well as associates."
project a positive representation of olson's ace hardware.
project a positive representation of la grange park ace hardware.
relies on instructions and pre-established guidelines to perform the functions of the job. must take direction well.
loyalty bonus program
relevant: x years (required)
reliable and capable of working independently or following specific directives;
reliable transportation
reliable transportation and ability to arrive to work on time and maintain a positive attendance record.
reliable transportation.
"reliable, punctual, presentable and dependable"
relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.
relocation assistance
lunch and dinner shifts needed
"lowe’s is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law."
relocation? no
low key uniform requirements of only an ecs t-shirt or apron and athlethic type shoes
remain calm in a (sometimes) fast-paced atmosphere
low commitment for part-time work
remain coachable and eager to improve the quality of the service and products we provide.
remain familiar with the merchandise carried in the store in order to answer basic customer questions.
remains balanced and focused and maintains composure under pressure
relevant: x year (required)
relays relevant information to supervisor.
loves serving and helping others
"regularly required to stand, walk, squat and bend."
"regular, consistent attendance during scheduled work hours and the ability to work overtime if requested"
"regular, dependable attendance and punctuality"
"regularly lift, pull, push and rotate merchandise that weights xx lbs. and that occasionally weights up to xx lbs."
regularly required to handle food and hot beverages.
regularly required to lift no more than xx pounds’ unassisted
"regularly required to see, talk and hear; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms; stand and walk."
"regularly required to see, talk or hear; stand, kneel; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms."
"mackage is a montreal based brand founded by eran elfassy & elisa dahan in xxxx, together, they developed one of the most prestigious contemporary outerwear brands worldwide. their mission was clear, to elevate outerwear with a unique balance between fashion and function. mackage continuously embodies youthful elegance and personal style."
machines and equipment operated:
relays relevant comments received from customers directly to supervisor
"regularly stands, bends, lifts and moves intermittently during shifts of x+ hours."
reinforce a rewarding customer experience.
related experience & skills
"relationship building - builds constructive working relationships characterized by a high level of acceptance, cooperation, and mutual respect."
relationship building and interpersonal interaction expertise
relationship skills – able to work well with customers and employees
relays all guest compliments and complaints to f&b managers and supervisors.
"relays information to service staff, requests feedback from customers as to their experience and gives a final salutation upon exit from the restaurant."
remains product knowledgeable
"love working in a fast-paced, team oriented environment"
"registers sales on assigned cash register and provides customers with courteous, fair, friendly, and efficient checkout service. customer experience"
reports all accidents and injuries in a timely manner.
"report concerns, problems, and questions to a supervisor immediately"
report to management when needed
report to scheduled shifts on time and in complete uniform.
"report to station, ready to work at the time work assignment is scheduled to begin."
"report to work according to the posted work schedule, unless a change in schedule is arranged with store manager."
report to work on time or notify in advance if absent or late.
"reporting to the finance director, this position is responsible for collecting payment from patrons of the athenaeum. at the end of each shift, there will be a reconciliation among the cash and credit card payments received, a payment transaction report, and a report of number of confirmed attendees."
reporting to this position: none
reports all accidents and injuries in atimely manner.
"report any known accidents, observed or suspected violations of company policy, safety hazards or any unusual occurrence to the facility or senior manager."
reports all irregular issues and problems to management for solution.
reports all irregular issues and problems to the store manager for solutions
reports any acts of wrongdoing on behalf of any team member that they have knowledge of.
"reports directly to the store manager. represents an integral part of the store team and through their participation creates a healthy and pleasant atmosphere, in which employees are motivated to achieve goals and surpass their personal sales goals."
reports malfunctioning equipment to the supervisor.
reports to: *director of food services
reports to: account manager
reports to: assistant/kitchen manager
"report any maintenance required, such as potholes, missing or broken signage, or other hazards, or any vehicles meeting impound criteria to supervisor, if applicable."
report and document all irregular transactions
"love pizza? passionate about food? we craft our food by hand. tomato and company is a neapolitan pizzeria located at the westchester mall in white plains, ny. we are a fast- casual restaurant."
repetitive lifting
"love coffee, dessert and good food? we are looking for cashier team members to join our goddess family. qualified candidates will: -love coffee!, and enjoy putting positive energy and work into every task! understand the value of balancing individual duties, team duties, and customer service. enjoy working with others and seek to enhance team morale. be able to stay calm under pressure and work quickly without sacrificing quality. enjoy learning with an open mind. we are hiring for both full-time and part-time positions. schedule flexibility is a huge plus. we love trying out new things, and training is continuous as we grow and develop as a company."
"love cars? love people? tired of working a job where every day looks exactly the same? come work at a place where your job will never be boring. we are a family-owned auto repair shop and gas station (the old-fashioned kind!). our shop is always very busy and there is never a dull moment – one moment you may be pumping someone’s gas, the next you may be doing an emissions test or fixing a headlight. this is not the kind of gas station where you’ll sit behind a cash register all day."
removes trash and clean garbage containers.
removes trash to designated area. removes cardboard to baler area and operates baler.
removing lent and bagging clothes.
"repetitive arm, wrist and hand motion"
"repetitive bending, lifting, stretching and reaching."
repetitive fine dexterity use of fingers and hands.
"repetitive use of hands for grasping, pushing, pulling, and fine manipulation."
replenishing all stock on front end
"replenish and maintain inventory and store visual presentation, including home spots, end caps, and platforms in preparation for product delivery"
replenish department supplies frequently to ensure efficiency of workflow and employee job tasks
replenish inventory from in-store stock and in coming orders
replenish merchandise on a timely basis
replenish register supplies as needed
"replenishes condiments, beverages and general supplies while maintaining cleanliness of service area."
"replenishes condiments, beverages and general supplies while maintaining service area cleanliness."
"replenishes condiments, coffee, other beverages and general supplies while maintaining cleanliness of service areas."
regular and predictable attendance
"registers customer purchases on assigned cash register, collects cash and distributes change as requested; processes voids, returns, rain checks, refunds, and exchanges as needed."
receive and stores food supplies.
recognition programs
"receives cash bank at beginning of shift and verifies accuracy by counting cash, checks and charge payments at end of shift"
"receives cash, checks and credit card payments from customers; records amount received."
receives merchandise.
"receives payment for orders, processes methods of payment."
receives payment for products or services sold by the dealership and plays a key role in maintaining or creating customer satisfaction for the business transaction.
"receptionist- hair salon- must have past salon experience to apply. full or part time time salon receptionist ""front desk"" position available in the heart of downtown kirkland, must have past salon, spa, or beauty school experience to apply. looking for a applicant that has some computer skills, social media, and some retail experience . parking provided for front desk and clients. salon is on bus line, has a casual atmosphere with heavy walk-in traffic, some light housekeeping required on receptionist job description.. people skills are a must. must speak fluent english and live locally. for *more info about salon receptionist position view our website www.bombaii.com. interviewing for front desk position now ...wage and benefits customized per employees needs and qualifications based on skills."
receptionists work x ten-hour shifts per week
recognition for achievement
"recognize and be knowledgeable about various types of products carried in the store, including produce items."
receives and process all payments according to pcc standards
recognize and seek opportunities for continuous learning and supply feedback to management to help improve operations. attend all required training. skills and qualifications:
main responsibilities
main job tasks and responsibilities:
recognize menu items and accurately charge customers for purchases.
recognize ways to improve internal processes and create solutions to meet the customer's needs.
recognizes and reinforces individual and team accomplishments by using existing organizational methods.
recognizes and reinforces individual and team accomplishments by using existing tools.
recognizes potential problems and develops solutions.
"receives and stocks all merchandise in accordance with company policy. must be able to lift up-to xx pounds following proper lifting procedures. ensures stock is faced up, clean and presentable at all times. apply the fifo (first in first out) system, when receiving or stocking any product. ensures all damaged and/or out of date stock is removed, accurately recorded and placed in designated quarantine area. follows portion control and quantities of preparation to minimize loss."
receives and maintains proper cash accountability in cash register for shift.
recommend the coffeehouse's products to the undecided clientele
"receive intentional training, a clear growth path, and tools to advance through leadership"
receive calls and set appointments for service customer
receive cash from customers and give correct change
"maintain a cheerful, friendly attitude towards customers while correctly operating the cash register."
"receive cash, checks and credit card payments from customers and record the amount received"
"receive cash, checks and credit card payments from customers and record the amount received on the repair order and/or counter ticket"
receive gas delivery from our fuel distributor/tanker truck.
receive great employee discounts!
receive hard count and soft count drops into the vault.
"receive payment by cash, check, credit cards or debits."
receives and checks orders both by phone and emails.
"receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic debits."
receive payment from customer and count change due back to the customer
receive payments for markers and record in the computer system.
main responsibilities of a cashier:
receive payments from customer and record payments in dealership’s computer system
"receive, communicate and fulfill customer requests (i.e. orders) as needed"
"receive, verify and stock delivered merchandise and place in appropriate storage area."
"receives all invoices; reviews source documents and matches purchase orders, invoices, and receiving documents."
main job responsibilities
recommendations to increase ticket average sale transactions)
register operations
"macy’s uses a scheduling plan that allows our associates to participate in the creation of their work schedules by managing availability and identifying preferences. additionally, during key events and peak selling times, macy’s may offer additional shifts to our associates, which they may pick up using the self-scheduling tool. details on macy's schedule options are available during the interview process."
records vehicle information if situation requires.
recovery and replenishing of the sales floor
redeem chips and tokens for cash at customer request.
redeem complimentary checks in accordance with standard procedures.
redeems slot tickets for cash.
"magee's provides customers with the comfort of homemade food without the hassles of cooking at home. we specialize in real food, cooked fresh. from slow cooked meat to fresh made salads, we spend all day in the kitchen, so the customer doesn't have to."
reduced pay
"reef technology is the largest network of parking facilities in north america. we are part of softbank, and its portfolio of leading companies transforming business and commerce at the cutting edge of technology in the world today."
"reets and responds to all customers in a courteous and friendly manner. ensures proper merchandise presentation. operates cash register in accordance with policies and procedures. maintains a clean work area at all times. provides customer service according to the star service program guidelines. associate may assist in specialized areas of store including, cash office, front end, fitting room, stock room, fine jewelry or customer service."
"records customer orders, both at the counter and tablets (doordash, grubhub, uber eats, and postmates)."
refer customers to manager for complex problems
refer to prep list at the start of each shift for assigned duties.
refill stations
refined communication skills
register and cash handling experience
register customers for the dollar reward savings club card.
register employee purchases in accordance with the aeo discount policy
register employee purchases in accordance with the under armour discount policy
records low stock items and prepares orders for restocking
records all temperatures daily.
"recommending, slicing, weighing, packaging, and pricing meats and cheeses."
reconciles cash drawer daily.
"recommends items for sale to customer and recommends trade-up and/or companion items. assists with otc products, and takes customer to aisle when possible."
"main duties include ringing upsales, bagging items, requesting price checks, collecting cash and credit card payments andgiving appropriate change."
"recommends, selects, and help locate or obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires"
mahalo (thank you) for your interest in tommy bahama!
"reconcile cash and credit card transactions against tickets, validations, etc. collected."
reconcile cash taken in at end of shift and drop in safe with checks and credit cards
reconcile payment received to cash and credit card transaction reports
reconcile payment to listing of confirmed attendees to ensure all of the required funds were collected
reconciles gas purchase statements.
recording food temperature
reconciles the cash drawer daily.
reconciling drawer at end of shift
"record amounts received, cars in/out of facility, cars left in a facility (if applicable) while preparing shift report of transactions."
record and reconcile daily lockbox receipts. minimum qual requirements qualification requirements
"record customer orders, both at the counter and on the phone"
"record on designated forms any price discrepancies and/or any ""not on file"" items that are encountered on electronic point‑of‑sale terminals or computers; request price checks promptly on any such items according to company policy."
record pertinent information in our pharmacy software system
record sales using the cash register while properly packaging merchandise.
"reports to: chef manager, food service manager or general manager"
reports to: facility administrator
"louie's texas red hots has been proudly serving delicious hot dogs for xx years. what started with only x location has now grown into x great locations open late or xx/x. we are proud of our accomplishments, but also thankful for the continued support from our great community. all our employees and chefs, are driven by an all-consuming passion to create delicious food and extend impeccable service. at louie's texas red hots we guarantee we have the best food, hot dogs, & burgers around plus an atmosphere to match. try us and you'll be convinced! our texas red hots are authentic and time-tested. at louie's texas red hots ""it's all about the sauce"". want to join our amazing team? we're hiring a cashier! working as a cashier, you're the face of louie's and you'll be expected to:"
requires basic math skills and the ability to handle money accurately.
"los angeles, ca xxxxx"
"requirements: * prefer some restaurant experience.* great customer service. understands that the customer comes first!* responsible team player who takes great care and pride in consistency.* must have or be able to get a washington food handlers certificate within x week.* inventory control knowledge, organized, reliable and detail oriented. * must have references * able to take direction well. * work quickly and efficiently * must be super clean and have the ability to maintain a clean and organized kitchen.excellent opportunity for growth!"
requirements: *open availability mon - fri x:xx - x:xx
"los angeles, ca (required)"
"requirements: the applicant must be fully conversant in english. they must be mobile and able to stand for extended periods - to stoop, kneel and crouch. the position requires you to work varied hours/days, including nights, weekends, holidays, and bad weather conditions, so flexibility is a must. a general proficiency with computers is demanded, with the ability to process information through the pos system."
requirements– include and are not limited to:
"requires ability to perform repetitive motions (i.e. ringing up customers, etc.)"
"los angeles hotel from sunny beaches to world-class entertainment, the city of los angeles is a great place to live, work and play. the four-diamond omni los angeles hotel is located in downtown’s cultural district. the hotel is adjacent to the walt disney concert hall, dorothy chandler pavilion, moca and numerous other entertainment destinations. currently ranked #x by trip advisor for best downtown hotels in los angeles, the omni los angeles strives to provide the highest quality product and customer service to each and every guest. omni hotels & resorts believes in the power of one, the practice of empowering every associate to do their best to ensure our guests feel comfortable and appreciated. this philosophy is the reason why the omni los angeles has been so successful in customer satisfaction throughout the years. it is our mission to inspire and reward our associates, and we are committed to being the employer of choice in the hospitality industry. if you are a friendly, motivated individual, with a passion to serve others, the omni los angeles hotel may be your perfect match."
"requires demonstrated integrity, honesty, and accountability in all dealings."
"requirements, qualifications & physical demands:"
requires experience and demonstrated abilities for working in a multi-cultural setting.
"requires morning, afternoon and evening availability any day of the week."
loose-fitting shirts not allowed
"requires occasional lifting, carrying, pushing, pulling of up to xx lbs."
requires prolonged periods of standing and walking.
requires regular and consistent attendance.
requires sensitivity to employee’s and customer’s needs and data.
requires standing for long periods of time
requirements/qualifications:
requirements retail experience preferred
"requires the ability to bend, twist and stand to perform normal job functions"
requirement: prior food service experience preferred.
requirement: previous experience is preferred.
"requirement: previous experience is preferred. we are excited to announce the launch of our new pre-recorded video interviewing technology to fast track your career with our award-winning organization! when you submit an hourly job application, you will be invited to participate in a short video introduction. click here to get a sneak peek preview!"
requirement: previous food service experience is preferred.
"requirement: previous food service experience prefered we are excited to announce the launch of our new pre-recorded video interviewing technology to fast track your career with our award-winning organization! when you submit an hourly job application, you will be invited to participate in a short video introduction. click here to get a sneak peek preview!"
requirement: previous food service or cash handling experience preferred.
requirement: previous food service or cash handling experience preferred. excellent customer service skills.
requirement: previous food service or customer service experience is highly preferred.
requirement: prior cash handling experience required. excellent customer service skills.
requirement: prior foodservice experience required. must have food handlers card or be able to obtain.
requirements job responsibilities:
requirement: will train!
"requirement: x+ years of experience we are excited to announce the launch of our new pre-recorded video interviewing technology to fast track your career with our award-winning organization! when you submit an hourly job application, you will be invited to participate in a short video introduction. click here to get a sneak peek preview! this position is eligible for an employee referral bonus! if you know someone that would be a great fit for this role, you can refer them to this position and potentially earn an employee referral bonus! click here to view the step-by-step instructions to refer a friend to this position. if you have a positive attitude and a love for learning, you may be interested in joining our team. at flik, our operating philosophy is centered on three essential factors: great food, great service and great people. a flik family-then & now. great food and great service are only possible with great people behind the scenes. flik’s steadfast dedication to the training and support of our associates continues to nourish our vision and growth. dedication, diligence, operational excellence and hands-on expertise are flik trademarks – only achievable through the work of our team of professionals. we embark on a relationship with every flik associate that provides, demonstrates and cherishes growth, education and ongoing mentoring – today and every day. full time associates at flik are offered many fantastic benefits such as:"
"los angeles, ca xxxxx (required)"
requirements (our ideal candidates will possess):
requirements and conditions:
requirements and qualifications
requirements and qualifications:
"requirements are representative of minimum levels of knowledge, skills and/or abilities. to perform this job successfully, the employee must possess the abilities or aptitudes to perform each duty proficiently. continued employment remains on an “at-will” basis."
"requires strong attention to detail and proficiency with numbers; proficient in cash handling and mathematical skills; ability to read, write and count."
requires the ability to lift and/or move up to xx pounds
reports to: general manager/manager/shift supervisor
looking forward to hearing from you!
respond positively to feedback and direction given.
respond to all guest/visitor inquiries and resolve service discrepancies accordingly.
looking to work steady hours during the week? comfortable with greasy food and learning to brew coffee?
respond to customer inquiries & ensure positive experiences for all guests
respond to customer’s questions quickly and accurately
respond to guest inquiries and requests in a timely fashion
"respond to orders, questions, concerns, and complaints in a polite and efficient manner"
respond to specific guest needs and resolve problems with a sense of urgency.
responding quickly to requests from customers in a timely and friendly manner
respond appropriately to guest concerns and communicate guest requests to management.
responding tocomplaints and helping to resolve them.
"responds appropriately to customer questions, inquiries, and needs"
responds quickly and in a friendly manner to customer inquiries and complaints
responds to customers' questions and get a manager if answer doesn't solve the issue.
looking for team members for fast casual mexican restaurant in van nuys opening soon.
"responds to guest inquiries related to operating hours, reservations, directions to restaurant or other."
responds to guest questions and concerns.
responsabilities include:
"respond positively to customer’s inquiries and assists customers with purchases, information and product selection."
respect: we treat others better than we expect to be treated ourselves
"requires the ability to speak, read and comprehend instructions, short correspondence, and policy documents as well as converse comfortably with customers"
resolve customer complaints quickly and efficiently as they arise
requires the ability to take direction and work in a team environment.
requires the ability to work calmly and efficiently in a fast paced environment.
requires the desire and ability to keep a positive attitude regardless of circumstances and to take exceptional care of customers.
"requires the use of cash registers, calculators and credit card machines."
"requires willingness to work flexible schedule, including evenings and weekend hours."
"requires willingness to work flexible schedule, including evenings and weekend hours. preferred qualifications"
resolve all client problems quickly and effectively while ensuring customer satisfaction
resolve any problems and keep management informed about issues and problems as they arise.
"resolve customer complaints, guide them and provide relevant information"
"respect – give it, get it"
resolve customer complaints.
"resolve customer concerns in a manner consistent with company policy, and with customer satisfaction in mind; partner with store leadership team on elevated customer issues."
resolve guest questions quickly on the spot
resolves customer complaints independently or with the aid of a supervisor.
"resolves customer complaints, guides them and provide relevant information."
resolves customer concerns independently to meet their unique needs and expectations
respect for diversity
respect for our work family
requirement: previous customer service experience preferred. will train!
requirement: previous cashier experience preferred.
requirement: previous cashier experience is preferred.
"required knowledge, skills and abilities"
required competencies
required documents
lottery knowledge (will be trained)
required experience
required experience:
required extended periods of standing and walking around quickly.
required for the position:
required information:
"required knowledge, skills and abilities no previous experience required, but preferred."
request customer order
loss prevention – identifies counterfeit currency and shoplifting indicators.
"required knowledge, skills and abilities:"
"required knowledge, skills, and abilities"
required language:
required license or certification:
required license/certification:
required qualifications :
required qualifications and education to be successful in this role
request information or assistance using paging systems.
request additional help as needed to maintain appropriate customer service levels
requirement: previous cashier experience is a plus.
reports to: team leaders
reports to: kitchen manager
reports to: manager on duty position purpose:
reports to: model shop manager
reports to: restaurant manager
reports to: service manager/business manager
reports to: shift supervisor(s) & general manager
lotto: x year (required)
reports to: store manager
reports to: ticket supervisor
"req id: xxxxxx welcome to love’s! where people are the heart of our success customer service cashier - retail at love’s, our values go beyond our name. we look for those same values in our people. our network of travel stops are growing at a tremendous rate as we become the leader in highway hospitality. as a retail cashier, we want you to go beyond the day-to-day work and truly succeed. you’ll have the chance to interact with people from all over, making their travels and their day better. if you enjoy making people smile and are looking for a great opportunity to grow along with a winning team, join us today! how you’ll fit in: win customers over by being friendly and impressing them with your care"
"reports, immediately, prescription errors to pharmacist on duty and adheres to company policies and procedures in relation to pharmacy errors and the quality improvement program."
reports/compliance
"representing coach brand appropriately (dress, appearance, demeanor)"
represents and supports the company brand at all times.
represents the brand and department in a professional and polished manner at all times.
represents the company in a professional manner
req id: xxxxx
lottery machine: x year (preferred)
required qualifications to be successful in this role:
required qualifications:
"required qualifications: previous cash handling experience preferred. must be able to stand for long period of time. may be required to lift up to xx lbs. must be willing to undergo a background check, in accordance with local law/regulations."
requirement: no experience required. willing to train!
requirement: barista experience and great customer service skills preferred.
requirement: cashier and barista experience preferred.
"requirement: cashier, food set up and stocking experience desired."
"los angeles, ca xxxxx us"
requirement: customer service experience and skills.
requirement: experience preferred.
requirement: experience with customer service and cash register preferred. we make it easy!
requirement: food handling experience required.
requirement: prefer prior food service/cash handling experience.
required skills
requirement: previous cash handling experience & food handler's license.
requirement: previous cash handling experience highly preferred.
requirement: previous cash handling experience is preferred.
requirement: previous cash handling experience required. willing to train!
requirement: previous cash handling or food service experience preferred.
requirement: previous cash handling or retail experience preferred. excellent customer service skills.
"requirement: previous cash-handling, catering and customer service experience preferred."
requirement: previous cashier and/or customer service experience is a plus!
loss prevention
requirement
required: weekend/ holidays
required: resume/references
loss prevention maintain accurate cash control and minimize inventory losses
required testing: none specified
required to attend all training sessions and staff meetings.
required to be ready to work immediately at time of scheduled shift. requirements:
required to be ready to work immediately at time of scheduled shift. work environment & conditions: a recreational facility.
required to be xx years old and be legally able to work in u.s.
required to have close visual acuity to perform an activity.
required to have driver's license.
required to meet cashier productivity expectations.
required to memorize produce codes and apply the proper code used to record the sale.
required to operate a cash register
required to periodically attend and implement assigned food safety training classes and education opportunities.
required travel:
"required weekends, over xx years"
required – high school or equivalent experience preferred.
"required: fire and safety certification. if no card upon hire, one must be obtained within xx days of hire, and maintained by renewal before expiration date. the cashier works primarily in the retail operation, handling cash and credit transactions from keck medicine of usc customers. their main function is to accurately operate the cash register/pos and complete the transactions. provides support to the retail operation, including setup, maintaining supplies and products, and assisting in cleanup and closedown. the general responsibilities of the position include those listed below, but keck medicine of usc may identify other responsibilities of the position. these responsibilities may differ among accounts, depending on business necessities and client requirements."
"required: high school diploma, ged or approved high school equivalent certificate is required. if no high diploma, ged or equivalent, a minimum of x year of experience is required as a substitution of education."
receive applications participate in interviewing of applicants when needed.
"receive and quickly process all payments by cash, credit cards or voucher"
pay rate: $xxx.xx - $xxx.xx per shift
provide customer service by greeting and establishing a relationship with customers while informing them of our products and services.
provide a world class shopping experience by connecting with your customers through meeting and anticipating their needs.
provide all customers with quick and friendly service
provide assistance to customers that have forgotten where they parked their vehicle.
provide basic audio-visual service and support.
"provide basic food and beverage preparation service. stock and maintain all supplies, food items, and utensils."
provide basic hot and cold food and beverage preparation service.
"provide courteous, friendly, and efficient customer service throughout various departments in the store. setup and maintain attractive displays and perform all duties related to customer service, stocking, and sanitation. fills in on any team as needed at the discretion of leadership."
provide customer resolution in a professional and friendly manner
provide customer service to our patrons
provide a memorable experience to the guest during their visit
"provide customer services to faculty, staff, students, and guests. meet and greet guests. provide necessary information to guests."
"maintain a clean, orderly check out area. keep adequate inventories of bags, blank invoices and other materials at checkouts."
"provide customer services to faculty, staff, students, and guests. perform sales transactions utilizing department standards and policies."
provide customer-focused service; welcome customers to the store and assist them with requests
"provide customers with product details, such as coffee blend and preparation descriptions."
provide direction and supervision of cash and wrap operations
"maintain a clean, neat, well-groomed appearance"
"maintain a clean, neat, organized and safe work environment."
"provide a positive attitude when interacting with teammates and guests relevant job titles include: hostess, host staff, front desk, greeter, receptionist, phone worker, restaurant job, hourly job, restaurant hourly job, foh, front of house, server, servers, food server, food service, food service worker, waiter, waiters, waitress, waitresses, food server, crew member, crewmember, full service crew member, full service teammate, limited service crew member, fast casual crew member, fast casual teammate, part time crew member, part time teammate, restaurant teammate, restaurant crew member, customer service, cashier, counter attendant, hospitality, line server, crew person, chef city barbeque participates in e-verify. to learn more, please visit: https://e-verify.uscis.gov/web/media/resourcescontents/e-verify participation poster es.pdf"
"provide a legendary experience for every customer, every time by assisting customers in making buying decisions by:"
"provide efficient, friendly and prompt service to the students and staff."
property number: xxxxxx
property number: exx
property number: frz
property number: lgxx
maintain a high level of confidentiality.
"maintain a friendly, helpful attitude toward the customer at all times."
maintain a friendly and warm demeanor at all times.
maintain a fast pace and ability to multitask when performing duties job requirements
"maintain a clean, sanitary, and safe environment for all"
protect company assets at all times
"provide a courteous and professional relationship with all customers, vendors, co-workers and managers. “treat others as you would want to be treated.”"
protect company assets at all times in accordance with company policy.
"protects assets at all times, but does not put self at risk."
"proven ability to provide excellent, professional customer service"
proven ability to provide the highest level of customer service and work with various levels and types of customers.
proven computer literacy skills
"proven experience working with money, counting and recording preferred qualifications"
proven problem-solving abilities
"proven track record of being dependable, self-motivated and organized"
provide direction and supervision of cash wrap operations.
provide enthusiastic customer service to all customers.
"property description: xxxx-seattle, wa"
provide outstanding hospitality and service to guests to deliver the shakey’s experience.
provide high-quality customer service in accordance with our company standards.
provide hospitable service to all guests following steak n shakes steps of service
"provide input, verification, and control of all data recorded."
provide maximum efficiency for smooth transaction at point-of-sale
provide oneself with a reliable means of transportation to and from work and the ability to be reached by telephone.
"provide ongoing service in the dining room: make/refill beverages, pre-bussing, (full hands in/full hands out)"
provide optimal level of customer services and maintain professionalism to resolve all customer issues and provide all information on products and promotions.
provide outstanding customer service; ensure customer needs are met in a timely fashion
provide phone support; fill in for receptionist duties during breaks and time off.
"provide great customer service; cooperate and build positive, inclusive and respectful relationships; take accountability for your actions and outcomes"
provide product and brand knowledge to all customers.
provide prompt and accurate service at cash register.
"provide prompt and courteous service to customers in order to maximize sales and customer service, to promote the company’s image of quality and professionalism. status reports directly to the store manager and the assistant manager."
"provide prompt, efficient and courteous customer service"
provide proof of identity and eligibility to work in the united states
provide proper change for each customer in accordance with company policy
"provide quality service, taking pride in working behind the scenes to prepare quality products for our customers"
"maintain a clean, neat and safe work area."
provide guestswith menus and answering any initial questions.
provide great customer service to our guests!
provide excellent customer service and address needs of customers in a timely and effective manner.
provide excellent guest service to both internal and external guests.
provide excellent customer service and address needs of customers in a timely and effective manner. surprise and delight the customers with excellent customer service.
provide excellent customer service and maximize sales by assisting in the daily operation of the store.
provide excellent customer service by walking through the pastry selections
"provide excellent customer service serving soups, salads, and sandwiches to our guests. we are looking for candidates who possess an upbeat personality, excellent communication skills and the ability to work well with others."
provide excellent customer service that follows paris baguette & high standard of excellence
provide excellent customer service to all kx speed visitors
"provide excellent customer service, create invoices and sell farm store products. handle cash and point of sale (register) procedures accurately and keep checkout and other assigned areas clean and orderly. assist customers find the appropriate store specialist when needed and provide support on the sales-floor. assist the lead cashier in reaching store goals and participate in general cleaning and maintenance of the retail facility. responsibilities"
provide excellent customer service.
"provide excellent service to all our guests, in accordance to company service expectations."
provide great customer service
"provide excellent, professional customer service"
"provide exceptional customer service at all times including welcoming guests, assisting and addressing customer needs in a timely manner"
provide exceptional customer service to every customer that you may come in contact with via in person or phonecashiers are critical employees that will meet or greet almost every service customer
provide feedback on improvement opportunities and obstacles regarding cash and wrap organization; identify and communicate cash and wrap staffing and supply needs to a member of management.
provide feedback on improvement opportunities and obstacles regarding cash wrap organization; identify and communicate cash wrap staffing and supply needs to a member of store leadership.
"provide feedback to the manager and area director to improve operating efficiencies, maximize the speed of service, improve order accuracy, and ensure outstanding guest service."
"provide friendly, responsive service to create an exceptional dining experience for all guests by taking orders, making recommendations when appropriate, processing payments, and serving food or beverages to customers at the counter or table. also perform other duties in the areas of food and final order preparation including preparing beverages and arranging food items."
provide great backyard hospitality for guests
property description: xxxxx - dunkirk
"property description: xxxx - park ridge, il"
receive and put away stock
proper packing of guests’ orders & ensures that all supplies are included in the final packing
promotion potential
promotional opportunities available!
promotional representation
prompt customer service skills (interacting with customers and vendors)
promptly and efficiently answer incoming phone calls to the dealership
promptly answers the phones with appropriate greeting.
promptly report equipment and food quality problems to kitchen manager.
proof of education and/or certification transcripts/copy of degree/certification) if qualifying based on education or certification.
"proper use of equipment, which may include but are not limited to: knives, box cutters, personal protective equipment, hand trucks, six wheel carts, pallet jacks, forklift and baler (must be xx years of age or older for both) and all other equipment used during preparation and clean up within department and store."
"promoting programs including, but not limited to club membership, voc and in-store pick-up"
"proper use of which may include but not limited to, knives, personal protective equipment, hand trucks, carts, food cutter and fryers (must be xx years of age or older), power equipment, vehicles, and all other equipment used within or for the restaurant."
properly bag customer’s orders safely and efficiently.
"properly clean and maintain store equipment/products and areas including but not limited to coffee, fountain drinks, deli, customer seating areas, restrooms and shower stalls as needed and directed by store manager."
"properly clock-in and out on pos, and electronically sign verifying all hours worked."
"properly collect, record, and deposit in the designated bank all monies or cash equivalents and accompanying documentation at the end of each shift."
"properly count and handle cash money, make change, and process credit card transactions in the pos system. maintain accurate drawer counts within a $x over/short variance."
properly documents charge purchases
"properly executes all promotions, contests and incentives"
"promotion opportunities, as far as you want to go"
promotes outstanding relations with all guests and peers. other: able to lift and carry xx lbs. repeatedly.
"properly handle, prepare, transport and store products; ensuring practices are strictly adhered to"
"promote and comply with all register prompts relating to the use of shop your way rewards, our credit card, smart plans, gift cards and other add-on sales."
"maintain a positive attitude & professional demeanor with all teammates, guests, vendors & the like, while working &/or representing the burgerlords brand"
project a positive representation of spalding ace hardware.
"maintain a neat, well-groomed personal appearance at all times and observe company dress regulations."
project a positive representation of town center hardware.
project a positive representation of westlake ace hardware.
project a positive representation.
promote a friendly and favorable store image to our customers.
promote an excellent experience for both employees and customers
promote awareness and growth of the aeo and aerie brands by introducing customers to additional brand channels.
promotes credit and loyalty programs during customer interactions
"promote company programs including warranty sales, advantage card (loyalty program), and other seasonal promotions all associate are required to adhere to all safety policies and procedures. additionally, as business needs arise, other tasks may become necessary."
"maintain a neat, well-groomed appearance at all times and observe company dress code policies."
promote for sale of any current charitable promotions to customers.
promote from within
"maintain a neat, professional appearance at all times. while on the job, wear the designated uniform, if required, and display identification badge"
"promote pollys culture, teamwork and encourage the success of fellow team members."
"promote specialty items when available and upsell combos, sides, and additional items to increase average guest checks."
maintain a neat and organized front end work area.
properly handle and maintain all equipment
properly issue gift cards.
property description: xxxx - maplefields at champlain
property description: xxx - ivar's stands at seattle stadiums
property description: x - midland ave - port ny
"property description: xx - el super - commerce, ca"
"property description: xx - el super - los angeles, ca"
property description: xxb-lounsberry travel plaza
property description: xxx - bronx
property description: xxx - chicago (jetro-rd)
property description: xxx - dewey - xxxx dewey ave - rochester
property description: xxx - eastview - xx eastview mall drive - victor
property description: xxx - montebello - pollys pies
property description: w la zankou chicken
property description: xxx - seattle
property description: xxx - vernon (jetro)
property description: xxx - westbury plaza
"property description: xxx-central ave-los angeles, ca"
"property description: xxx-chavez ave-los angeles, ca"
"property description: xxx-rosemead blvd.-temple city, ca"
"property description: xxx-xxx - evanston and cinearts - evanston, il"
"property description: xxxx - hawthorne blvd - lawndale, ca"
property description: westbury
maintain a high level of hospitality at all times
properly maintain the machines by keeping it clean at all times
property description: farmer boys la
"properly packages, checks, and delivers accurate orders to guests."
properly scan and bag all merchandise.
properly tender loyalty program purchases.
properly verifies age of any customer buying age restricted products.
property description: brentwood
property description: chicago-store xxx
property description: dd hornell
"property description: exx-xxxx-irving park rd-schiller park, il"
property description: lgxx santa monica
property description: urth caffe hawthorne
"property description: niles deli, inc"
property description: parkhurst dining at elmira college
property description: parkhurst xxxx
maintain a neat and orderly cashier booth at all times that is free of debris and trash
"property description: petroxxx waterloo, ny - ccxxxxxx-qsfmxxxx"
"property description: taxxx binghamton, ny"
"property description: taxxx maybrook, ny - ccxxxxxx-qsfmxxxx"
"property description: taxxx pembroke, ny"
"provide quick, efficient, accurate and friendly service to all guests."
provide service and a shopping experience that meets the needs of the guest
provide service and a shopping experience that meets the needs of the guest.
maintain a clean and well-organized back-stock area.
qualifications/core competencies
"maintain a clean work environment, keeping register clear for incoming customers"
maintain a clean work environment while complying with sanitation regulations and safety standards
maintain a clean service area by wiping down counters and sweeping
"maintain a clean booth, station, or location, ensuring that trash and debris are cleared from the location throughout the day."
qualifications– include and are not limited to
"qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, sex, religion, creed, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability, medical condition, military and veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, and gender expression, familial status, political affiliation, genetic information, or any other legally protected status or characteristics."
qualified candidate should have:
maintain a clean and well organized work area
qualifications proven working experience as a cashier or in customer service *basic mathematical skills *strong attention to detail *ability to listen and communicate effectively *we are looking forward to receiving your application. thank you.
"qualified candidates must have excellent customer service skills including strong verbal communication skills, exhibit good manners, proper personal hygiene, positive attitude, and promptness. must be able to perform under pressure in a high volume restaurant including moving and responding quickly for long periods of time. travel quickly in customer service area as much as three times for each customer up to as many as xx customers per hour of shift. must be able to work in and out of different temperature ranges. interact with the public and co-workers constantly during shifts. clean up after all kinds of messy situations. capability to stand for long periods of time and lift up to xx lbs. must be able to move and respond quickly to various requests and commands, read order monitors and communicate clearly and effectively with customers and co-workers. exhibit and use good manners, proper personal hygiene, positive attitude, and promptness."
"quality and safety duties include following proper cleaning and sanitation procedures, operating equipment in a safe and focused, and completing any necessary reports. follow all company guidelines and procedures, to include but not limited to, safety and sanitation while providing overall exceptional service to ensure a positive and lasting guest impression. ensuring all checkout stands are cleaned by washing and sanitizing all equipment. adhere to all local, state, and federal health and civil code regulations."
queens center
quest food management services is looking for a cashier to join our team!
quest food management services is looking for a food service worker to join our team!
quick service experience a plus
quickly and efficiently bag customers’ groceries at a rate that meets store requirements.
qualifications-
"qualifications proven working experience as a cashier or in customer service *basic mathematical skills *strong attention to detail *ability to listen and communicate effectively *we are looking forward to reading your application. *food handler certified *shift opening, closing duties"
r esponsible for maintaining outstanding customer service.
qualifications and skills
"qualification requirements: to perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. the requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. education/experience required: less than high school education or one month related experience, training or an equivalent combination of education and experience. availability to work: special shift requirements, if any, will vary depending on a location's hiring needs. if applicable, availability to work xnd shift, xrd shift and/or week-ends may be required. license requirement: the individual will only be required to have and maintain a valid state-issued driver’s license, with a current address and acceptable driving record, if the individual is expected to be able to drive a company vehicle or drive on company business. language skills: ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence, and memos. ability to write simple correspondence. ability to effectively present information in one-on-one situations to customers and other employees of the company. mathematical skills: ability to add, subtract, two digit numbers and multiply and divide with xx’s and xxx’s. ability to perform these operations using units of american money. appearance: employees will be required to maintain a neat and clean appearance and be in complete uniform at all times. physical demands: the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. while performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand; walk; and use hands to handle cash and equipment. the employee is required to work outside in varying weather conditions (cold, rainy, snowy, harsh, hot, humid). the employee is required to reach with hands and arms and talk or hear. the employee is occasionally required to sit and climb or balance. the employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to xx pounds. sp+ is an equal opportunity employer committed in policy and practice to recruit, hire, train, and promote, in all job classifications, without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, veteran status, disability or other classes protected by federal or state law. sp+ does not tolerate harassment of or retaliation against any employee or applicant on the basis of these characteristics, or because the individual exercised his or her eeo rights."
qualification/ requirements:
qualification:
qualifications
qualifications & requirements:
qualifications a true desire to satisfy the needs of others in a fast paced environment
qualifications and education requirements:
qualifications and experience:
qualifications and skills:
qualifications proven working experience as a cashier or in customer service *basic mathematical skills *strong attention to detail *ability to listen and communicate effectively *we are looking forward to reading your application.
qualifications and special skills required:
"maintain a clean, clutter free work area (including gathering abandoned items, baskets, and hangers)"
qualifications for a substitute dewitt stocker/cashier
qualifications must have a high school diploma or ged
qualifications must have current food handler's cert. *basic mathematical skills *strong attention to detail *ability to listen and communicate effectively *bilingual is a plus *we are looking forward to receiving your application. thank you.
qualifications proven working experience as a cashier or in customer service *basic mathematical skills *strong attention to detail *ability to listen and communicate effectively
qualifications proven working experience as a cashier or in customer service *basic mathematical skills *strong attention to detail *ability to listen and communicate effectively *experience in hospitality
qualifications proven working experience as a cashier or in customer service *basic mathematical skills *strong attention to detail *ability to listen and communicate effectively *we are looking forward to hearing from you.
quotes prices for parking services for which money is received upon customer receipt.
maintain a clean and tidy work area
provide store leadership with productivity updates; proactively identify and communicate cashier performance issues.
reasonable operating hours and no overnight shifts
"readily adjusts schedule, tasks, and priorities when necessary to meet business needs"
reading cues and determine customers needs
"reading, writing, basic math and effective communication skills required"
reads recipes and/or product directions.
"reads, understand and follows instructions and labeling system on all material safety data sheets."
reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
reasonable accommodations statement
reasonable hours
"reasonable range of motion such as bending, stooping, standing, walking, stirring, lifting to complete physical tasks related to responsibilities."
"read, understand and memorize the menu"
maintain a clean and neat workstation; complete thorough cleaning of guest areas as directed.
reasoning ability:
maintain a clean and neat work area. job qualifications:
reasons to join our team:
receipt deposits and any sales cash-on-delivery (cod)
receive and process all payments according to pcc standards
"receive and process merchandise from distributors, check merchandise received against purchase invoice, log merchandise into inventory, and prepare product for showroom floor."
maintain a clean and neat work area.
"read, understand, and sign-off on memo board/book postings at the beginning of your shift each day you work."
"read, count and write to accurately complete all documentation."
racking clothes.
"reaches, bends, squats and frequently lifts and/or moves up to xxlbs"
ralph’s coffee is currently recruiting individuals who are passionate about coffee and enjoy interacting with people accentuated with providing the best customer experience possible.
rate of pay $xx.xx/hr
rate of pay: $xx.xx/hr qualifications
razzle dazzle is now hiring!!
re-price and/or re-shelve books.
"re-stock drink coolers, candy, hot cocoa stations during slow periods or when asked."
reach and grasp objects (including above head and below waistline)
reach with hands.
"maintain a clean and sanitary work and service area including tables, shelves, walls, oven, and refrigeration equipment."
maintain a clean and organized work environment
maintain a clean and safe work environment by practicing high standards of food and human safety and sanitation techniques provided by fairway work rules and policies and health department regulations.
maintain a clean and organized work station
reaching - to retrieve stock from shelves and place on shelves
reaching above shoulder height and bending below waist
reaching out and taking on additional responsibility
"reaching, stretching, grabbing, pushing, lifting, holding, twisting, bending, turning, walking, shifting, and engaging in other physical movements required by the job -- reaching, stretching, grabbing, pushing, lifting, holding, twisting, bending, turning, walking, shifting, and engaging in other physical movements required by the job"
reaching: reaching is involved when stocking shelves or handling sanitation duties. number of openings: x.xx
react to potential shoplifters following company policy
"qualification requirements: to perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. the requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required."
qualification requirements:
qualification
"provides quality beverages, whole bean, and food products consistently for all customers by adhering to all recipe and presentation standards. follows health, safety and sanitation guidelines for all products."
"provides friendly, safe, and efficient car loading and unloading services"
provides general stocking duties in service area.
provides information and directions to customers entering and/or exiting the facility.
"provides initial guest contact, is the individual who handles all sales transactions and ensures proper cash accountability and guest service by performing the following: duties and responsibilities"
"provides movie, special event, and general theatre information."
provides preferred pet club membership information to ensure neighbors don?t miss any outstanding offers stocker
"provides prompt and courteous service to customers in order to maximize personal and store sales and customer service, so as to promote the company’s image of quality and professionalism."
"provides quality beverages, bowls, and food products consistently for all customers by adhering to all recipe and presentation standards. follows health, safety and sanitation guidelines and rules for all products."
provides quality customer service by treating guests in a friendly and courteous manner at all times.
"provides excellent, professional customer service"
provides refunds or credit memorandums to customers for returned merchandise or as directed by managers.
"provides service in all retail areas, including cashiering and line serving."
provides superior customer service to all clients during the check-out process
"provides support as a member of the front-end team to include assisting customers during the check-out process, performing all cash register functions, bagging groceries, and working at the customer service desk. works to maintain attractive customer service displays and support the regional customer service vision. all whole foods market retail jobs require ensuring a positive company image by providing courteous, friendly, and efficient service to customers and team members at all times. all positions must be performed in accordance with team and store standard operating procedures. further, team members must be prepared and able to perform the duties inherent in other team member job descriptions. all positions must strive to support wfm core values and goals, promote national, regional, and store programs and initiatives, and ensure adherence to all applicable health and safety regulations including food safety and regulatory duties required in the department."
provides the customer with the proper change and/or receipts.
provides the highest quality of service to customers at all times.
provides the highest quality of serviceto customers at all times.
provides “world class customer service” by surprising and delighting our customers every day. able to run fast and efficient cash register operations. observes customer traffic and calls for additional service as needed. job duties/responsibilities:
"provides feedback to store management on all products, including recommending new items to carry, products that should be discontinued, inventory losses, scanning errors, and general issues that could impact productivity."
"provides excellent customer service, addresses needs of customers in a timely and effective manner and models suggestive selling techniques; answers phones and pages promptly and courteously."
"pvh corp. or its subsidiary (""pvh"") is an equal opportunity employer and considers all applicants for employment on the basis of their individual capabilities and qualifications, consistent with applicable law and without regard to race, color, sex, gender identity or expression, age, religion, creed, national origin, citizenship status, sexual orientation, genetic information, physical or mental disability, military status or any other characteristic protected under federal, state or local law. in addition to complying with all applicable laws, pvh also has a strong corporate commitment to inclusion, diversity and to ensuring that all current and future pvh associates are compensated solely on job-related factors such as skill, ability, educational background, work quality, experience and potential. to achieve these goals, across the united states and its territories, pvh prohibits any pvh employee, agent or representative from requesting or otherwise considering any job applicant’s current or prior wages, salary or other compensation information in connection with the hiring process. accordingly, applicants are asked not to disclose this salary history information to pvh"
provide world-renowned hospitality and customer service
provide store management with productivity updates; proactively identify and communicate cashier performance issues.
provide superior customer service at all times.
provide superior service when assisting customers at the point of sale/checkout area; build repeat business through customer satisfaction
"provide support as a member of the front end team to include assisting customers during the checkout process, performing all cash register functions, bagging groceries, and working at customer service desk on occasion. in addition, work to maintain attractive customer service displays and support the regional customer service vision. ensure a positive company image by providing courteous, friendly, and efficient customer service to customers and team members."
"provide support as a member of the store team to include assisting customers during the checkout process, performing all cash register functions and packing items. ensure a positive company image by providing courteous, friendly, and efficient customer service to customers and team members."
"provide support to the operations process to insure smooth operation of facility in all areas pertaining to point-of-sale, sales audit and facility maintenance"
provide the highest level of customer service to each customer
provide the very best in customer service by greeting customers upon entrance into store and thanking them upon exiting the store.
"provide “guest-first” service by listening, responding and resolving all guests’ requests quickly through strong knowledge of all café products."
provides excellent customer service to all customers.
provides a high level of customer service to members. checks members out in a timely and efficient manner.
provides an efficient and accurate checkout experience in various areas of the store
provides and accepts ongoing recognition and constructive feedback
"provides beverage service to clients including coffee, tea, espresso, etc."
"provides care for pets in our store, which may include cleaning habitats, feeding and handling the animals"
provides clerical and secretarial assistance to departments as needed.
provides excellent customer service at all times.
"provides excellent customer service before, during and after taking orders. greets guests upon arrival, makes eye contact, and thanks guests when leaving."
"providing an engaging, convenient and accurate check out for the customer"
"providing customer support to all departments, including photo and beauty, ensuring departments are fully stocked and operational while remaining current with all updated services and tools"
"providing differentiated customer service by anticipating customer needs, demonstrating compassion and care in all interactions, and actively identifying and resolving potential service issues"
push and stock product to sales floor
punctual nature and ability to handle schedule flexibility and dynamic work environment
punctuality a must
punctuality and courtesy a must.
purpose of job:
purpose of position
purpose of position:
"pursuant to the california child abuse and neglect reporting act (canra), all employees who know of or have reason to suspect child abuse or neglect involving alleged victims under age xx shall promptly inform local law enforcement or the county welfare department."
push and pull heavy objects
push and stock product to sales floor.
providing excellent customer service
"push, lift, carry and transfer up to xx pounds."
pushing - be able to push up to xx lbs occasionally
pushing: pushing of food carts to various locations.
put orders and take orders in the pos
put up signs that identify items on sale in weekly advertisements and take down this signage when the sale is over.
puts away returned merchandise to store shelf in appropriate department.
"puts precedence on customer-focused activities when customers are physically present before all other tasks. stops all other activities such as conversations with colleagues, or operational tasks when customers are present."
putting away deliveries
punctual attendance
punctual and one time for work
pulling: pulling of food carts to various locations.
pull files as needed
providing excellent customer service with a smile
providing excellent guest service
providing friendly and attentive service that makes guests feel well taken care of and builds their intent to return
"providing friendly and efficient customer service at all times, ensuring a pleasant shopping experience for all our customers."
"providing friendly, quality customer service to each guest"
providing great customer service
providing greatcustomer service.
"providing premier customer service, including greeting them and responding to questions to all customers and staff"
"providing responsive, exceptional service to deli counter customers by answering questions, making recommendations, providing samples, and responding to requests."
providing service to our guests that makes them say i love target! excites you… that’s why we love working at target
providing service to our guests that makes them say i love target! excites you…. that’s why we love working at target
providing service to our guests that makes them say i love target!excitesyou…. that’s why we love working at target
providing the highest level of customer service and satisfaction
pt sale associates- permanent and seasonal
pt stock coordinators
pto + sick days
"public relations experience, a plus"
maintain clean and orderly checkout areas.
pay rate: $xx.xx
pay rate: $xx.xx per hour tips
must be able to maintain reasonable attendance at work.
maintain security of bank and cash transactions.
must be able to lift up to xx pounds.
must be able to lift xx lbs (occasionally)
must be able to lift xx lbs.
must be able to lift xx pounds.
"must be able to lift, push and pull up to xx lbs"
"must be able to lift, push, pull, move product, equipment and supplies up to fifty (xx) pounds."
must be able to load and push a cart a short distance. guckenheimer embraces equal opportunity employment
must be able to make change using american monetary units.
must be able to lift to xx pounds
must be able to make decisions independently and stay firm on decisions made (not easily persuaded).
must be able to make quick decisions and work under pressure in a high volume/traffic restaurant.
must be able to manage many tasks quickly and efficiently
must be able to meet and/or exceed customer expectations
"must be able to meet physical demands including standing, bending, twisting, repetitive"
"must be able to meet the physical demands of the job including standing, bending, twisting, repetitive motion and lifting xx-xxlbs regularly"
must be able to move and/or lift at least xx lbs.
"must be able to multi-taks. be able to work with several different computer softwares, perform cashiering duties"
maintain security of vehicles
must be able to lift or carry objects weighing x-xx pounds during scheduled shift.
"must be able to operate office equipment, including a xx-key adding machine, personal computer, telephone, and multi-function photocopier."
"must be able to ensure that each guest receives outstanding service by providing a guest-friendly environment. that includes greeting and acknowledging every guest, maintaining outstanding standards, solid product knowledge and all other components for guest service."
must be able to complete multiple tasks at once.
maintain service lobby/waiting area
"must be able to continuously reach, bend, and stretch"
must be able to converse with customers on a variety of outdoor activities. must be able to effectively and efficiently multi-task
must be able to drive automatic and standard transmission
"must be able to effectively communicate with customers, fellow employees and other departments."
must be able to efficiently and accurately operate a cash register.
"must be able to efficiently take guest orders, answer questions, and correctly handle money. expedite packaging of food and handling to customer. ability to efficiently multi-task."
must be able to fluently speak/read english
"must be able to lift at least xxpounds super king markets is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran, or disability status, or any other status protected by law."
must be able to follow instructions.
"must be able to handle a stressful, noisy and crowded situation."
must be able to handle challenging situations with professionalism
must be able to lift a minimum of xx #.
must be able to lift and carry up to twenty (xx) pounds.
must be able to lift and carry up to xx lbs
"must be able to lift at least xxlbs throughout the day and occasionally up to xxlbs. when lifting heavy objects/items, it is expected that the associate will utilize the assistance of other teammates or tools such as hand trucks, pot lifters, and pallet jacks in order to lift items safely. education/experience:"
must be able to lift at least xxlbs.
must be able to multi-task and prioritize
"must be able to operate office equipment, including a xx-key adding machine."
"must be able to communicate with patients in a professional and courteous manner,"
must be able to support and contribute to team goals
must be able to stand while walking for entire shift
"must be able to stand, bend, kneel, reach, push/pull, walk and squat during scheduled shift."
maintain safety and security procedures as required
"must be able to stand, stoop, bend, reach, and stretch for extended periods of time"
"must be able to stand, walk and move through all areas of the casino."
"must be able to stand, walk, and move through all areas of the casino."
"must be able to stand, walk, bend and lift merchandise up to xx pounds for the majority of the workday."
"must be able to stand, walk, squat, bend, twist, lift, kneel, and climb."
must be able to take orders correctly over the telephone.
must be able to stand for long periods of time.
must be able to talk to and hear customers/co-workers. must be able to assist with special needs of customers.
must be able to use a cash register or computer key board for up to x hours continuously.
"must be able to walk and stand for entire shift, up to xx hours"
"must be able to withstand working in a casino environment, which may include exposure to loud noises, bright and flashing lights, and cigarette/cigar smoke."
must be able to work a flexible schedule including nights and weekends
"must be able to work a flexible schedule of nights, days, weekends, and holidays flexible schedule"
"must be able to work a flexible schedule, weekends and evenings"
must be able to work a minimum of x days a week (including atleast one weekend day).
must be able to stand for prolonged periods of time
must be able to stand for long periods of time
must be able to pass a class c operator certification.
must be able to print and fax documents.
must be able to pass criminal background check prior to employment
must be able to perform duties with or without reasonable accommodation. adheres to the company’s customer satisfaction guidelines and demonstrates appropriate interactions with customers and co-workers.
"must be able to perform in fast paced, busy environment with attention to detail"
must be able to perform repetitive motions.
must be able to perform simple mathematical calculations
must be able to potentially pass a background check and must have a valid ssn.
must be able to present a dmv kx printout.
must be able to present state or county mandated food handler card within the time allowed for the specific state or county.
"must be able to proactively intercept, engage, and demonstrate product to customers and able to effectively communicate product features"
"must be able to stand during entire shift, often up to x hours with frequent bending, squatting, and lifting plates, boxes, and objects up to xx pounds up to x times per shift."
"must be able to process sales quickly, accurately, and efficiently"
must be able to push and pull carts weighing up to xxx pounds.
must be able to read and execute checklist
must be able to refrain from using cell phone during your shift
must be able to speak and understand english
"must be able to speak clearly, read, write and understand english to facilitate the communication process."
must be able to speak english.
must be able to speak spanish
must be able to commute to the shop easily
must be able to communicate clearly with managers and kitchen personnel.
pay rate: $xx.xx per hour
mopping the floor and helping to ensure all kitchen equipment is cleaned to meet food safety guidelines.
monitoring the status of placed orders and managing the flow of pickup
monitors accounts to ensure payments are up to date.
"monitors alcohol consumption by guest, adhering strictly to sch policy and ny state law."
"monitors customer account details for non-payments, delayed payments and other irregularities."
monitors orders and ensures their prompt delivery.
monthly bonus potential based on store achieving overall monthly goal
monthly duties and responsibilities
"mop the floors, clean all counter space, bar, customer seating area and walls with wash cloth before closing."
more detail about parm part of major food group
monitor the occupancy of the lot and post signage as required
more than xx years
morning (preferred)
morning (required)
morning and evening shifts available. able to speak spanish beneficial!
morning/afternoon and evening shifts.
"morton williams supermarkets (chain of stores) is hiring for manhattan and bronx locations. we need deli clerks, juice clerks, bakery clerks, cashiers, grocery stock clerks & meat cutters-butchers. full-time & part-time . immediate. apply in person at main office supermarket at xx e. kingsbridge rd. (near jerome ave.), bronx on wednesday, dec. x, xxxx at x:xxam. bring identification with you on wednesday, dec. x, xxxx at x:xxam."
"most of the time is spent moving about frequently on hard surfaces. there may be a need to occasionally position oneself to examine or scan merchandise, including bending, handling, pulling, reaching, and/or stooping."
"motion, and lifting xx-xxlbs regularly"
monitor the productivity and quality of cashier performance.
monitor product quality and freshness and ensure proper rotation or product
motivated to achieve great results because of one's enthusiasm from interacting with customers and athletic products
"monitor and maintain cleanliness, sanitation and organization of assigned station and service areas."
monday – fridays x:xx am – xx:xx pm
monday – fridays xx:xx am – x:xx pm
"monday – thursdays x:xx pm – x:xx pm bellevue college is a student-centered, comprehensive and innovative college, committed to teaching excellence that advances the life-long educational development of its students while strengthening the economic, social and cultural life of its diverse community. the college promotes student success by providing high-quality, flexible, accessible educational programs and services; advancing pluralism, inclusion and global awareness; and acting as a catalyst and collaborator for a vibrant region. we strive to create a vibrant campus community that supports a diverse student body, faculty and staff. as an essential part of our mission and goals, pluralism is promoted in all aspects of college life. by enriching student life through leadership opportunities, personal learning and cultural experiences, we are committed to building a pluralistic and diverse campus community that fosters creativity, innovation and student success. under general direction of the college store director, assistant director, and supervisor the employee occupying this position will fulfill cashiering duties within a fast-paced, friendly retail environment. candidates must demonstrate ability to provide excellent customer service, receive payments by cash, check, and credit card transactions and work within a diverse environment. dependability and attention to detail are required qualifications. cash register experience preferred."
"monday, tuesday and thursday"
monday-friday x:xx a.m. to x:xx p.m.
monday-thursday xpm-xxpm
monday: xpm - x:xxpm
"monitor all foh areas, game room, restrooms and parking lot, for spills, dirt and/or trash and provide prompt maintenance, as required."
"monitor and maintain safety, security and cleanliness of parking areas"
monitor orders and ensures their prompt delivery.
monitor and observe daily operations including activities of relevant area(s).
monitor and observe guests dining experience.
monitor any events that occur outside the location that may affect the operation as mandated by the management
"monitor appropriate records such as stock transfers, sales reports, production records, holiday reports, and special orders."
monitor checkout stations to ensure that they have adequate cash available and that they are staffed appropriately.
"monitor employees and ensure cashier office adheres to all departments’ procedures, privacy act and internal controls."
monitor food levels on the line and communicate with prep cook appropriately
monitor for fraud and assist in resolving any discrepancies or inaccuracies.
motivate and develop associates to meet goals / objectives
motivations
must be able to communicate clearly and effectively with customers and coworkers
must be able to attend training classes on pre-set days prior to starting the regular shift
must be able and willing to work multi-task and work multiple positions of the restaurant when needed.
must be able and willing to work with a sense of urgency and to serve guests according to procedural requirements.
"must be able team orientated this position works nights, weekends and holidays. all applicants must submit a fully completed application and complete the on-line assessment in order to be considered for this position. education"
"must be able to accurately count change back to customers, and must be able to clearly communicate both oral and written emergency procedures to customers and employees."
"must be able to answer inquiries about all rates, services and promotions."
must be able to arrive at the store at the scheduled time.
must be able to assemble accurate orders to assure quality service.
must be able to assist guests and possess great guest relations skills.
"must be able to bend and lift loads up to xxlbs. also must be able to stoop to grasp objects and climb ladders. bend and twist neck and waist, reach above and below shoulders and squat."
must be a team player who is focused on providing exemplary customer service
must be able to bend and squat frequently
"must be able to bend, push, pull and stand for extended periods of time."
"must be able to build and maintain positive relationships with supervisors, co-workers and guests."
must be able to clear background check
must be able to climb ladders and use box cutters.
"must be able to climb, balance, stoop, kneel, crouch, reach, push, pull, use fingers/hands for lifting and grasping."
must be able to communicate and take money from customers additional info:
must be able to communicate and understand the language(s) of the work location
"must be able and willing to stand, walk, and work on their feet for extended periods of time."
must be a team player indqs
motor vehicle record in good standing
multiple locations
move around all work areas effectively and efficiently.
move from cashier to pharmacy technician to lead technician
move quickly around store
"mr. taka ramen was listed on michelin guide xxxx. mr. taka ramen has focused on serving real japanese ramen. also, our sister restaurant in tokyo, bigiya, has been listed on michelin tokyo from xxxx to xxxx. xxxx was the first year for michelin tokyo to list ramen restaurants, out of the xxxx ramen restaurants in tokyo."
"mt. san antonio college employees and the board of trustees members shall not engage in any employment or activity that is inconsistent with, incompatible with, or in conflict with mt. san antonio college’s administrative procedures (ap xxxx conflict of interest, ap xxxx conflict of interest codes).   cancel rtf policy:"
multi-line telephone system
maintain solid product knowledge to answer questions and make order suggestions.
multiple benefit plans to suit your needs
"musket, a rapidly growing, houston-based commodities supplier and trader"
"must be a team player and work well with others. maintain and follow appropriate cleanliness, sanitation, safety standards. included maintaining a clean environment not limited to the specific duties of this position. as a team player, be able to pitch in and help everyone in maintaining the store."
"must adhere to all aspects of the anti-money laundering (aml) program and its regulations including,"
"must attend mandatory meetings (i.e. t.a.m., sexual harassment)"
"must be a highly dependable, team player with a good work ethic."
must be a minimum of xx years of age or older.
must be a people person
must be a queens resident
must be a quick learner.
must be a team player
must be able to work a minimum of xx hours a week.
"must be able to work a variety of day, night, weekend, holiday shifts"
must be able to work as a team member and be an effective representative of the brand.
maintain point-of-sales records and insure organization of register paperwork and receipts equipment and systems
must be xx or have a long driving history
must be xx to apply!!
must be xx years of age and speak fluent english.
must be xx years of age or older
must be xx years of age or older to sell alcohol and tobacco
must be xx years of age or older upon employment.
"maintain productivity in non-selling tasks (i.e. shipment processing, inventory counting, and price change activities)"
maintain positivity and enthusiasm at all times
"maintain physical stamina and proper mental attitude to work under pressure in a fast-paced, casino environment and effectively deal with guests, management, team members, and members of the business community in all situations."
must be willing to set an example and hold each other accountable.
maintain personal hygiene and professional dress code to comply with company and health department standards
must be xx years old & over
must be xx years old and above
must be xx years old or older
"must be xx years old or older to operate balers, hi-lo's, power jacks, slicing machines, etc."
must be xx years old or older.
must be xx years old to work in the deli and operate machinery.
maintain personal hygiene
"must be willing to work flexible weekday shifts including evenings, saturdays and last sunday of the month."
"must be willing to be held accountable for results, accept feedback, and grow to become an a player/high performer."
maintain personal health and sanitation standards
"must be respectful ,  dependable,  punctual,  dependable, able to perform all job duties   responsible ,  clean as you go. available to work."
must be prompt and on time to work with regular attendance.
must be punctual
maintain proper cash balance in assigned till per over/under policy.
"must be punctual, show up on time, and arrange for covers when unable to work scheduled shift."
must be ready to give exceptional member service at all times. (smile and greet all members within xx feet).
must be reliable and have transportation.
must be reliable and punctual
"must be reliable, open minded about improving operations and willing to learn."
"must be responsible and hardworking, dependability is required."
"must be willing and able to work nights, weekends and holidays."
"must be self motivated, organized and have a commitment to quality food and guest service."
must be serv-safe certified
"must be servsafe, basset, and allergen certified"
"must be upbeat, outgoing and positive"
"must be upbeat, outgoing and positive."
"must be welcoming, positive, engaging and friendly towards our customers, team members, and venue staff"
must be willing and able to address and resolve conflicts quickly
must be willing and able to follow and honor leadership/supervisors.
must be xx years old.
maintain personal and productivity goals.
must be able to work at a moderate to fast pace.
must have a high school diploma or ged.
must have a clean driving record
"must have a flexible availability, including weekends and holidays."
maintain organization of changing retail set-up per holidays and special events
"maintain orderly, secure and correct invoices and cash at assigned station."
"must have a great smile, great communication skills, and the ability to work well in a fast paced environment. experience is a plus but not a requirement"
maintain orderly appearance of register area and supplies stocked.
must have a high school diploma or equivalent
"maintain open, positive and effective communication with others."
must have a passion for fast fashion footwear and be confident in their personal style.
must follow all safety rules and actively prevent accidents.
must have a positive attitude
must have a positive attitude and friendly demeanor. indqs
must have a positive attitude and have at least worked in a pharmacy before.
must have a positive attitude and the ability to interact well with customers and associates.
"must have a proven track record of exceptional customer service to clients, luxury retail environment preferred"
must have a valid california food handler's card.
must have a valid tips certification.
"must have ability to accurately handle money, make change, process credit card transactions, and have strong menu knowledge."
maintain our high standards for food preparation and sanitation
must exhibit a genuine desire to be of service to our guests.
must be xx years old. be friendly with customers. also know how to deliveries went the arrive. clean the store outside and inside. do coffee. re stock products.
must consent to a nationwide criminal background check.
must be xx years or older
must be xx years or older.
must be xx+ to work at this location.
must be xx+ with retail experience
must be xx+ years of age
must behave and act in accordance with brand standards in all areas of guest service and hospitality.
must comply with any dress code requirements.
must comply with any dress coderequirements.
must consistently provide the highest standard of customer service while keeping focused on team objectives and excel in individual sales.
must enjoy working with people; greet guests with a warm and friendly smile. interact with co-workers in a courteous and respectful manner.
must demonstrate basic math skills
maintain parking lot conditions and collect shopping carts from the parking lot
must demonstrate basic math skills and proficiency at xx-key
must demonstrate strong teamwork capabilities and interact with all peers and levels of management alike.
must demonstrate the ability to comply with all nation regulations including department and company policy and procedures.
"must demonstrate the ability to utilize various counting equipment in the form of computers, currency counters, coin sorters and xx key calculators. high school diploma or equivalent or equivalent experience."
must enjoy interacting with customers
must enjoy smiling.
must be positive and approachable
"must be pleasant and polite,"
must be over xxyears of age and over
"must be at least xx years’ old. willing to work an event driven schedule on a part-time basis. these events are primarily during the nights, and weekends. must have servsafe food handler’s cards and servsafe alcohol certification."
must be analytical and detail oriented
must be at lease xx years old
"maintain regular attendance in compliance with mondrian standards, as required by scheduling which will vary according to the needs of the hotel."
must be at least xx years of age behaviors and competencies
must be at least xx years of age speedway llc is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to workplace diversity.
maintain regular and consistent attendance and punctuality
must be at least xx years old
must be at least xx years or older.
must be available monday-friday
must be alcohol and food handler certified.
must be available on weekends
must be available on weekends. weekly hours for this position: xx-xx
"must be available saturdays, sundays and holidays."
must be available some monday - friday x-x pm or x to x:xx pm
must be available some monday - friday x-x pm or x to xxpm
must be available to work (opening hours / lunch hours / dinner hours / closing hours)
"must be available to work a flexible schedule, which may include day, evening, weekend and/or holidays, based on company needs."
"must be available to work assigned schedule which may include late nights, weekends and holidays."
"must be an excellent communicator (verbal and presentation skills), effective listener, persuasive, diplomatic, and self- motivated."
must be able to work within a team and be willing to learn
must be over xx years old
must be able to work independently with minimal supervision.
must be able to work at least one or both weekend days.
"must be able to work at night and have availability friday, saturday, sunday, & holidays"
must be able to work both day and evening shifts saturdays and sundays
must be able to work effectively in a fast-paced environment.
must be able to work every holiday store is open xxx days a year
must be able to work fluently in english.
"must be able to work in a team environment. dependent upon location, cashiers might have to stand or sit for prolonged periods. the cashier should be able to operate a computer keyboard and mouse. the above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. they are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. all personnel may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed. responsibilities"
must be able to work independently with limited supervision
must be able to work independently.
must be able to work weekends and nights from early november to december xx
"must be able to work nights, weekends and some holidays."
"must be able to work nights, weekendsand some holidays."
must be able to work outdoors through inclement conditions
maintain required permits such as food handler’s permit and demonstrate knowledge of health code regulations.
must be able to work quickly in a confined area and stand for extended periods of time.
"must be able to work some nights, weekends and holidays"
must be able to work under high volume conditions with little to no supervision
"must be able to work various shifts and hours to include holidays and weekends. caesars entertainment corporation is the world's most geographically diversified casino-entertainment company. since its beginning in reno, nevada, more than xx years ago, caesars has grown through development of new resorts, expansions and acquisitions, and now operates casinos on four continents. the company's resorts operate primarily under the harrah's®, caesars® and horseshoe® brand names. caesars also owns the world series of poker® and the london clubs international family of casinos. caesars entertainment is focused on building loyalty and value with its guests through a unique combination of great service, excellent products, unsurpassed distribution, operational excellence and technology leadership. caesars is committed to environmental sustainability and energy conservation and recognizes the importance of being a responsible steward of the environment. join the thousands of winners at horseshoe casino hammond! located only xx minutes from downtown chicago, we have a wide variety of slots and tables in an atmosphere as legendary as jack binion himself. and with more than xxx,xxx-square-feet, there's no shortage of action at horseshoe casino! the poker room attracts players of all skill levels to compete in a wide array of tournaments throughout the year, from daily games to world series of poker circuit events! even appetites win at horseshoe casino! sweeping views of lake michigan greet diners at jack binion’s steak and the village square buffet. offering a packed schedule of the hottest entertainers, the venue at horseshoe hammond holds up to x,xxx people and boasts a state-of-the-art sound and lighting system. great opportunities for growth! stick with caesars and you can go places. just climb aboard the most progressive career building system in the industry and hold on as horseshoe casino helps you get where you want to be. with programs such as referral bonuses, tuition reimbursement, xxx-k and company-wide internal transfer opportunities, you'll have every opportunity to turn your job at horseshoe casino into something more. horseshoe casino reserves the right to make changes to the job description whenever necessary."
"must be available to work evenings, weekends, and holidays."
must be available to work flexible hours including evening and weekends
"must be available to work flexible shift, weekends and holidays."
must be knowledgeable of the basic element of food service
"must be flexible to work rotating hours, as assigned by management"
"must be flexible, as the position requires you to work varied hours/days, including nights, weekends, holidays, and bad weather conditions"
must be fluent in english and spanish
"must be fluent in reading, writing, and speaking english"
"must be fluent in reading, writing, and speaking english."
must be friendly and get along with others easily
"must be friendly, outgoing, & a team player that collaborates well with others"
must be fully conversational in english
must be licensed for a minimum of three years
"must be available to work morning, evenings , weekends and overtime during our busy seasons. this position is available for full time only xx-xx hours per week"
must be mobile and able to stand for extended periods
must be neat and clean – nails clean: overall approachable appearance.
"must be neat, professional, and willing to follow appearance requirements."
must be nice to the customers - explain our menu with smile
must be observant and have high situational awareness.
maintain proper cash handling procedures as defined by the company
must be on-call
"must be over the age of xx to be able to serve alcoholic beverages. omni hotels & resorts is an equal opportunity employer. the eeo is the law poster and its supplement are available using the following links: eeoc is the law poster and the following link is the ofccp's pay transparency nondiscrimination policy statement if you are interested in applying for employment with omni hotels & resorts and need special assistance to apply for a posted position, please send an email to applicationassistance@omnihotels.com."
must be extremely punctual to work and very neat appearance
must be experienced in using ny lotto machine. this is a must requirement
must be eligible to work in the united states.
must be detail oriented and disciplined to complete assigned tasks in the pursuit of excellence.
"must be available to work nights, evenings, weekends and holidays are required"
must be available to work on saturdays
must be available weekdays and weekends
maintain proper organization and cleanliness at all times
must be available xam - xpm
must be available xpm-xxpm for afternoon shift or overnight from xxpm-xam
maintain proper in-store marketing and messaging per management’s instructions
"must be available, and on-time for scheduled work shifts education:"
must be comfortable interacting with both guests and employees in a friendly and helpful manner.
must be comfortable with cash register operations and the responsibility involved in safeguarding company assets
must be comfortable with heights
"must be comfortable with some exposure to steam, high/low temperatures, and humidity."
must be customer service focused!
must be customer service orientated
"must be dependable to work flexible schedule; morning, mid-day, nights, weekends and holidays"
"must be dependable. due to the nature and responsibilities of this position, dependable regular attendance is required."
must be detail orientated
monday to saturday - xx:xx am to x:xx pm
monday to friday
monday through friday schedule!
make change accurately and issue receipts to customers
"major medical, dental, vision insurance & prescription coverage for eligible employees"
major physical demands
maintain visual merchandising standards consistent with company brand strategies.
major responsibilities:
"major tasks, responsibilities, and key accountabilities"
"majority of shift will be spent on feet in a fast-paced environment, in close proximity to other people and will involve frequent bending, twisting, squatting and lifting up to xx lbs. frequently and xx lbs. occasionally"
"make a connection with guests by engaging in friendly and genuine conversation throughout each transaction; asking open ended questions about the guest’s shopping experience and using those questions to assess, understand, and determine how to tailor your approach."
make change accurately and issue receipts
make change and issue receipts or tickets to customers for each transaction.
major duties and responsibilities
"make change, process credit and debit cards accurately maintaining a cash drawer keeps drawer secure and prohibits other to ring in and complete transactions."
make emotional connections with guests
make it right for the guest by de-escalating any negative situations and recover the guest shopping experience while following target’s policies and procedures.
"make outgoing calls to customers to confirm service appointments, reschedule missed appointments, and follow-up calls"
"make sales referrals, cross-sell products and introduce new ones;"
make sandwiches and salads to order
make sauces and keep expo station fully stocked at all times
"make smoothies, salads and açaí bowls"
"major food group's parm mulberry location is looking for talented individuals for a rapidly expanding fun concept. we are looking for team players who will assist in carrying our culture, standards of service, and quality of food to our mulberry location. while comparable experience is preferable, any individual with passion and love for people, food, and wine will certainly be welcomed. we are looking for cashiers! nights and weekend availability is a must. major food group (mfg) is a new york based restaurant and hospitality company founded by mario carbone, rich torrisi, and jeff zalaznick. the founders all exhibit a wealth of knowledge in the food, hospitality, and business sectors. major food group is an equal opportunity employer."
major duties & responsibilities: model superior customer service to all of the dealership’s customers.
"make specialty drinks to order, following all parkhurst recipes."
maintains the cleanliness of the frontline area. assists in general club housekeeping when necessary.
maintains refreshments (coffee) in the customer lounge area.
"maintains register station by replenishing supplies, cleaning and straightening work area"
maintains regular and punctual attendance
"maintains safe and clean working environment by complying with procedures, rules, and regulations."
maintains stock and cleanliness of required work areas as directed by the manager in charge.
maintains store cleanliness.
maintains the cleanliness and organization of the t-shirt cabinet and t-shirt storage area.
"maintains the cleanliness of tables, table bases, and chairs-and general cleanliness of serving are (including spills, food stuffs, etc.)"
maintains the data collection at request.
maintenance of stock levels and cleanliness throughout the shift.
"maintains the proper display of goods in the store, ensuring they comply with brand standards"
maintains work area in a neat and organized manner qualifications
maintains zegna ethical standards at all times
"maintains zegna visual standards on the sales floor, assisting with recovery, refolding, replenishment, pricing, mannequin changes, and maintaining a luxury, visually appealing environment during peak selling times"
"maintains, or ensures maintenance of, a clean and sanitary working and shopping environment; maintains equipment in accordance with blazing bagels cleanliness and safety standards."
"maintains, or ensures maintenance of, a clean and sanitary working and shopping environment; maintains equipment in accordance with wfm cleanliness and safety standards."
maintenance
maintenance of front-end
maintain velvet taco’s high food quality standards
make sure coffee is always full and hot.
marburn curtains
"managing transactions, making sure pricing is accurate"
management:
managers who work hard along side of you
manages a line by working with managers to quote accurate wait times.
manages customers payments
maintain update customer mailing lists.
manages multiple projects and timelines with a sense of urgency and follow through
manages self-checkout and scan and pan lanes. assists members with operations and technical difficulties.
"managing the cash register, counting & handling cash correctly, knowing items on the menu, being capable to multi-task by taking phone orders, serving tables, and packing to-go."
mandarin & english (preferred)
manage transactions with customers using cash registers
maintain uniform standards at all times
mandarin (preferred)
mandarin or cantonese (preferred)
mandatory duty to report
mandatory qualities:
manicuring the dining room to maintain a guest ready appearance
"manual dexterity and an aptitude for mathematics is required to make change, operate computerized ticketing equipment, and change box office signage boards or displays."
manual dexterity and good hand/eye coordination.
management reporting.
manage transactions with customers
make sure pizza oven is working properly at all times.
"makes change, accepts declining balance cards and other acceptable forms of payment; issues receipts to customers."
make sure song selection is appropriate
make sure that credit cards are returned to customers once they have been successfully swiped
make sure that credit cards are returned to customers once they have beensuccessfully swiped
make the customers feel at home and provide exceptional customer service and customer engagement..
"make the guest aware of current and upcoming brand launches, store activities, and events."
makes change and issues receipts or tickets to customer for each transaction.
makes change and issues receipts to customers.
"makes change, accepts declining balance cards and other acceptable forms of payment."
"makes eye contact, smiles, greets and offers help to every customer."
manage time and prioritize tasks customer service / sales
makes simple and fast decisions in the best interest of our customers.
makes sure all fed ex packages are ready for pick up
making menu recomendations
making product recommendations based off of this analysis
manage and control all cash flow while on daily shift
manage customer transactions both cash and card payments.
manage store operations in the absence of store manager.
manage sums of money daily
maintains proper security of cash at all times.
maintains proficiency with the front-end code book and plus:
maintains positive company morale and professional attitude.
"maintains a clean dining room, patio, parking lot, etc., as assigned, in compliance with farmer boys standards."
maintaining sku integrity
maintaining the quality of service and products
"maintaining the sales floor by restocking shelves, checking in vendors, updating pricing information and completing inventory management tasks as directed by store manager"
maintains a calm demeanor during periods of high volume or unusual events to keep store operating to standard and to set a positive example for the shift team.
"maintains a calm, tactful demeanor when dealing with difficult situations"
"maintains a clean and organized station. ensures the cleanliness of menus, and keeps necessary stock of pens, pencils, menus and other departmental supplies."
maintains a clean and organized work area.
maintains a clean and organized workspace so that partners can locate resources and product as needed.
"maintains a clean point of sale area and assist with sorting merchandise, when not serving a guest"
maintaining professional grooming
"maintains a clean point of sale area and assist with sorting merchandise, when not serving a guest."
"maintains a clean pos area and assists with sorting merchandise, when not serving a customer, in order to return the product to the floor as quickly as possible."
"maintains a constant awareness of safety and accident prevention, performing all job duties in the safest possible manner, and immediately notifying the supervisor and completing an accident report if a personal accident does occur."
maintains a friendly and courteous demeanor while providing fast and efficient service to customers.
maintains a high level of asset protection awareness regarding all areas of risk.
maintains a high level of engagement with guests and consistently follows the amaze standards
maintains a high level of good customer service.
"maintains a high standard of cleanliness. cleans in accordance with the libertys/brand specific sanitary standards including but not limited to: sweeping and mopping floors, cleaning walls, counters, tables and service equipment. cleans the customer service area by removing trash, cleaning restrooms and the parking lot."
"maintaining proper food handling, safety, and sanitation standards while preparing food"
maintaining personal and productivity goals
"maintains organization and cleanliness at the vestibule, host/cashier station and surrounding areas."
maintaining a safe work environment for staff and customers
maintaining a clean and organized sales floor to ensure excellent store appearance
maintaining a clean restaurant
maintaining a clean work space.
maintaining a clean workspace.
"maintaining a clean, safe environment to ensure the store is presentable"
"maintaining a clean, safe environment to ensure the store is presentable."
maintaining a positive attitude and focusing on customers in a fast paced environment
maintaining a professional appearance and demeanor at all times
maintaining an orderly appearance throughout the sales floor.
"maintain, clean and sanitize the kitchen and counter area, including equipment"
maintaining an up to date working knowledge of all property amenities as well as any special events job requirements
maintaining appropriate portion control and consistently monitoring food levels on the line
maintaining cashwrap organization and cleanliness
maintaining cleanliness of their assigned location
maintaining detailed records of served orders and collected payments and running a report daily at the conclusion of each shift
maintaining displays and cleanliness of the department
"maintaining high standards of quality control, hygiene, health and safety"
"maintaining media and cash accurately and in compliance with coach policy e., credit card imprints, traveler check signatures, personal checks with phone number and address"
"maintains a pleasant, friendly, cooperative attitude with customers, co-workers and supervisors."
maintains a positive attitude.
maintains a professional appearance and grooming standards as outlined in the subway® operations manual.
maintain visual presentation standards that are consistent with division philosophy and direction
maintains cleanliness and tidiness of the cash/wrap area and beverage stations.
maintains cleanliness of booth and picks up trash in the surrounding area.
maintains consistency in attitude and behavior
"maintains consistent customer service focus always, showing pride of ownership and a sense of urgency to delight the guest. enthusiastically greets guests with a warm, genuine welcome. consistently follows g.o.a.l. standard of service (greet, offer of specific service, anticipate guest needs, leave a lasting impression)."
maintains dishes and other wares.
maintains effective working relationships with co-worker.
"maintains excellent customer service and positive attitude towards guest, customers, clients, co-workers, etc."
"maintains friendly and respectful decorum at all times toward customers, co-workers, vendors and all others."
maintains full control of the store and its contents at all times using prevention techniques as per company to minimize loss (i.e. drive offs or retail theft etc). follows company policies and procedures for securing the premises upon end of day closure.
"maintains a professional appearance, and adheres to the company dress code at all times."
"maintains good communication with management, office staff members and outside contacts."
maintains good quality customer service at all times
"maintains guest contact areas in a clean, sanitary and safe manner (includes but not limited to tables, chairs/booths, floors, counters, and restrooms)"
maintains high standards for work areas and appearance.
maintains high standards for work areasand appearance.
"maintains knowledge of current product location, and ensures proper pricing."
"maintains knowledge of current product location, monitors upc codes and ensures proper pricing."
maintains orderly appearance of check out area
"maintains cleanliness and organization throughout the restaurant and ensures proper set up and/or breakdown of the entire restaurant including dining room, kitchen, prep areas and restrooms."
"maintains clean, neat and properly stocked register and ensures safe and secure work area."
"maintains clean, neat and properly stocked check stand and ensures safe and secure work area."
maintain work station clean at all times
maintains a professional attitude and appearance
"maintains a professional relationship with all coworkers, vendor representatives, supervisors, managers, customers, and client representatives."
"maintains a professional relationshipwith all coworkers, vendor representatives, supervisors, managers, customers,and client representatives."
"maintains a professional, neat and clean appearance"
"maintains a working knowledge of facilities, as well as special events on property, in order to advise customers of same, whenever possible."
maintains accountability for store inventories by vigilantly reporting any discrepancy in labelling or inventory levels
maintains accounts payable files and records.
maintains accounts receivable files and records.
maintains accurate cigarettes and lottery counts.
maintains all club policies and procedures.
"maintains all organizational, cleanliness, and recovery standards for the sales floor and participates in the maintenance/cleanliness of the entire store"
maintains an accurate safe count along with daily operation and maintenance of a cash recycling machine
"maintains an atmosphere of enthusiastic customer awareness with an emphasis on fast, friendly customer service."
"maintains an awareness of all product knowledge, and current or upcoming product / trends"
maintains an orderly appearance of register and hbc area
maintains and upholds merchandising philosophy and follows established merchandising procedures and standards
maintains clean and tidy checkout areas.
many of the cashiers that have advanced have taken on other administrative and business services job responsibilities.
marginal duties include the following. other duties may be assigned.
monday through friday
minimally must be able to lift xx pounds without assistance; may lift over xx pounds with or without assistance. what you need to succeed
"micro center offers a balance between personal and professional interests, competitive pay, an employee discount on merchandise, flexible retail schedules and tuition reimbursement. in addition, a high-quality, competitive cafeteria benefits program is available on the first of the month following xx days of active service to all full-time associates who work at least xx hours per week. whether you’re employed full-time or part-time, micro center has many options available to support your professional, health and wellness goals!"
mid-day (preferred)
mid-day (required)
mild cleaning of the workstation is involved
mild laundry and drycleaning involved.
military vets welcome
millet crepe on sawtelle blvd. wla is currently hiring full time and part time staff.
maintain store standards of cleanliness and organization in the cashier zone and front and back of the store as deemed necessary
minimum age -- xx years of age
"maintain store standards of cleanliness and organization in the cashier zone as well as assist in back of the store (stock room, lockers, kitchen, bathroom, etc.)"
minimum age requirement is xx .
maintain store safety standards
minimum age – xx years of age
minimum education:
minimum essential coverage medical plans
"minimum experience, skills and education:"
minimum experience/knowledge:
minimum high school diploma/ged or some college.
"micro center is the nation’s leading computer and electronic device big box retailer! our technology super store has an industry-leading xx,xxx+ selection of premier computer products and the most knowledgeable staff in the business. micro center has been ranked by one of the leading consumer advocacy magazines as a top walk-in store to purchase a pc based on merchandise selection, service and pricing. work with us and help us on our mission to be the best computer and electronic device store in the world!"
micro center is an equal opportunity employer. non-smoking work environment. pre-employment criminal background and substance abuse screening.
"minimum of one-year experience in related field. if no high diploma, ged or equivalent, a minimum of x year of experience is required as a substitution of education."
"menu demonstrates strong comprehension of burger lounge menu including recipes, allergens, and dietary restriction workarounds."
memorize product locations throughout the store and be able to direct customers or make suggestions
maintain supply stock and cleanliness of cash stands (including surrounding floors) at all times.
memorize product locations throughout the store and be able to direct customers or make suggestions.
memorize the presentation of all plates
memorize the restaurant menu/ special items
mendo team members must be:
mendocino farms sandwich market in los angeles is now hiring!
mendocino farms sandwich market is coming soon to century city!
menu knowledge (regular & catering)
"michael kors is always interested in hearing from talented, globally-minded individuals with a passion for fashion."
merchandise discount
merchandise maintenance
merchandisers
merchandisers & cashiers
merchandising and maintenance:
merchandising:
"metcare is a fast-paced, high volume outpatient pharmacy located in the lobby of erie county medical center, buffalo, ny."
metcare rx pharmacy is currently seeking a pharmacy tech/cashier (xx-xx hours/week)
minimum high school education or equivalent required
minimum of six months cash handling and customer service experience
math calculations
momofuku cashiers are responsible for organizing individual stations and communicating with guests to provide a restaurant experience that is a friendly and hospitable.
"model “customer xst” behavior; deliver and encourage other associates to deliver excellent customer service ? perform cashier functions, including open/close register, ring sales, complete tender transactions, bag merchandise, make money drops and knowledge of produce codes ? complete file maintenance log for price discrepancies ? maintain cleanliness of checkstand area to housekeeping standards ? answer telephones ? comply with all corporate policies ? promote and follow company initiatives ? verify all electronic article surveillance tags are deactivated or removed from products at point of sale ? respond to electronic article surveillance pedestal activations and verify tag removal, as necessary store accounting: ? maintain all store accounting functions ? prepare bank deposit of excess funds (cash and checks) customer service desk: ? opens and closes desk ? process refunds, exchange"
"model “customer xst” behavior; deliver and encourage other associates to deliver excellent customer service ? perform cashier functions, including open/close register, ring sales, complete tender transactions, bag merchandise, make money drops and knowledge of produce codes ? complete file maintenance log for price discrepancies ? maintain cleanliness of checkstand area to housekeeping standards ? answer telephones ? comply with all corporate policies ? promote and follow company initiatives ? verify all electronic article surveillance tags are deactivated or removed from products at point of sale ? respond to electronic article surveillance pedestal activations and verify tag removal, as necessary store accounting: ? maintain all store accounting functions ? prepare bank deposit of excess funds (cash and checks) customer service desk: ? opens and closes desk ? process refunds, exchanges, money orders and transfers, bill pay, gift cards, purchase orders, equipment rentals ? provides lottery service (except alaska) and fish and game licenses ? sends/receives faxes ? administers lost and found ? runs vendor reports ? must be able to perform the essential functions of this position with or without reasonable accommodation"
models aldi image: presents self in a professional way in both typical and challenging situations which promotes a positive aldi experience for customers and co-workers.
models and delivers a distinctive and delightful customer experience.
"models and shares customer service best practices with all team members to deliver a distinctive and delightful customer experience, including interpersonal habits (e.g., greeting, eye contact, courtesy, etc.) and walgreens service traits (e.g., offering help proactively, identifying needs, servicing until satisfied, etc.)."
"moderate physical activity. requires handling/lifting of average-weight objects up to xx pounds, standing squatting, bending, pulling and walking or standing for up to x hours."
modern & trendy japanese restaurant & bar in plainview is hiring individuals with cashier host/hostess experience.
modesty: we treat each other with humility and respect. we are understanding and open to new ideas.
"momofuku features an ever-changing, evolving menu, with limitless opportunities for creativity. we offer competitive pay and a comprehensive benefits package, including vision/dental/medical insurance, paid time off, cell phone data reimbursement, gym discount, pre-taxed commuter benefit, plus more after required wait periods. we encourage our employees to grow and learn, and offer many opportunities for personal and career development."
mobility required during the entire shift.
"momofuku is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, gender (including gender identity or expression), pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, sexual orientation, marital status, domestic violence, sexual violence or stalking victim status, ancestry, national origin, alienage or citizenship, age, disability, military or veteran status, genetic information or predisposing genetic characteristic, or other protected status."
mon -thurs xx:xx-x:xx or xx:xx-x:xx
mon-tues-wed
mon/thurs/friday xx:xx-x:xx or xx:xx-x:xx
monday (preferred)
monday (required)
monday - friday - x:xxpm to x:xxpm
monday - wednesday nov. xxth thru nov. xxth (xxam- xpm)
mock interviews and interview coaching
mobility during the entire shift
minimum of six months’ retail experience in a mid-size to large retail service-oriented business is helpful.
minimum x years barista experience. x year may apply but x years is definitely preferred.
minimum of x year experience in a cash handling position
"maintain store safety and cleanliness standards on the sales floor, stock room, lockers, kitchen, bathroom, etc."
maintain store image by adhering to the dress code as outlined in the policy & procedures binder.
"minimum qualifications, knowledge, skills, and work environment:"
minimum qualifications/education & experience:
maintain store appearance to reflect division standard
minimum requirements/qualifications
minimum requirements/qualifications:
"minimum x-year experience in restaurant, hospitality, and/or retail experience"
mobility and manual dexterity
maintain solid product knowledge to be shared with guests
minimum xx years old
minimum: high school diploma (or currently enrolled in) or ged
"minor clerical work such as answering phone, answering service related questions, and taking messages."
minor food prep and assembly
"minor housekeeping, such at cleaning, mopping, emptying the trash, etc."
minority/female/sexual orientation/gender identity/veteran/disability
mission/role
"meets productivity goals, achieves cxx credit card and gift card goals."
meets attendance requirements.
maintain the appearance of the selling floor; restock and merchandise according to cole haan standards and company directives.
maintain the general cleanliness of both the work area and of the location as required
may be required to prepare food
may be required to restock other beverage areas.
may help ensure the buffet is set up properly and labels are correct. cleans all buffets and surrounding areas.
may initially handle guest complaints and notify supervisor to resolve them quickly and courteously.
"may maintain inventory, stock, and requisitions as well as complete assigned tasks from management every day."
"may maintain inventory, stock, andrequisitions as well as complete assigned tasks from management every day."
maintain the highest quality of customer service by anticipating the needs of each individual guest. duties & responsibilities:
may need to use a ladder or stool to reach product or supplies.
"may occasionally involve stooping, kneeling, or crouching."
may be assigned to the poker main bank or the poker auxiliary bank during a shift.
may operate cash register equipment (not all cashier’s assistants will have cash handling responsibility).
may perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned.
may perform other duties andresponsibilities as assigned.
may require standing or frequent use of computer keyboard & sitting for extended periods
"may set up and stock the beverage area, grab and go items, service ware and condiments or other assigned areas."
"may set up and stock the beverage area,grab and go items, service ware and condiments or other assigned areas."
may take and fill orders for customers.
may taste test products.
"may be exposed to extremes in temperature, humidity or wetness"
may be assigned to the customer service counter as needed.
"meets any state and local requirements for handling and selling alcoholic beverages. physical demands: regularly required to sit, stand, bend, reach, push, pull, lift, carry, and walk about the store."
"may also be required to prepare for service before the meal and clean the dining room after the meal (wiping tables, vacuuming the floor, cleaning chairs, ensuring the acceptable appearance of the dining area)."
mathematical skills
"maintain under armour brand standards of neat, clean and organized cash wrap ensuring store environment is safe for teammates and athletes."
maintain the working area clean and organized to ensure a safe work environment; this includes dining area.
maturity of judgment and behavior.
maximize sales volume
"maximizes sales potential through effective and proper procedures for prepping, storing, rotating, stocking, and merchandising product."
"maintain the sales floor, merchandise displays and other inventory in a clean neat and safe manner."
maxstudio.com offers an hourly rate plus commission.
"may also be required to prepare forservice before the meal and clean the dining room after the meal (wipingtables, vacuuming the floor, cleaning chairs, ensuring the acceptableappearance of the dining area)."
may be assigned to a multi station self-check-out lane as needed.
"may assist in locating, reconciling and verifying the accuracy of transactions and operate peripheral equipment that records and supports non-cash transactions."
"may assist in locating, reconciling and verifying the accuracy of transactions and operating peripheral equipment that records and supports non-cash transactions."
"may assist in locating, reconciling andverifying the accuracy of transactions and operate peripheral equipment thatrecords and supports non-cash transactions."
may assist with other vehicle title duties as assigned.
may assist with training of new cashier and courtesy team members.
"maintain the integrity of confidential information, including guest information."
may be asked by local management to complete small cleaning or maintenance tasks
maintain the highest standards of customer service and sanitation in the deli department.
"maintain the department by ensuring a clean work area, conducting cycle counts, stocking and replenishing product and participating in merchandising activities"
may walk and work on uneven surfaces
maintain the cleanliness of the overall store.
meet and greet customers with courtesy and efficiency
"medical, dental, vision and life insurance available for full-time employees after xx-day probationary period"
"maintain the checkout area clean, safe and organized."
medical/dental
maintain the case of baked goods stocked and clean
medical/dental/vision
"mediterranean cuisine, california style"
medium to dark wash jeans with no tears/holes worn at or above the hipbones.
meet and greet customers
meet and greet each customer with courtesy and great customer service.
may work on a trayline to distribute food.
meet physical demands required for the position
meet restaurant and customer service objectives. we offer excellent benefits and advancement opportunities. qualifications
"meet, greet and assist customers as they enter the service area in a friendly and professional manner, striving to minimize the wait time."
meeting and exceeding customer expectations on every visit
meeting and exceeding customer expectations on every visit.
"meets all customer service expectations and standards in all interactions with customers, team members, and vendors."
meets and exceeds sales goals.
maintain the balance of the payment drawer at all times
"medical, dental, life, and disability insurance to eligible full-time teammates"
"medical, dental, and vision"
"medical, dental, & vision"
"medical, dental and voluntary benefits for full-time staff"
"maybe you have a passion for people and an obsession with service. or maybe you’re looking for a launchpad for a career managing people. are you generous and hard working? when you spot a need, are you ready to jump?"
"maintain the cleanliness of the facilities, equipment, and servicewear."
meal discounts
"meal, phone, event ticket discounts"
meals provided
mechanic experience
medical and dental
medical and dental benefits for full-time employees
medical benefits for full time employees
medical insurance
medical insurance for full time
"medical, dental & vision after xx days of employment"
"medical, dental and vision insurance"
"medical, dental and vision insurance (full-time)"
"medical, dental and vision plan options"
"medical, dental and vision plans"
maintain the cleanliness and organization of the store.
must have ability to get along with broad customer base.
"must have ability to remain stationary for periods of up to four hours in length, be able to bend and stoop on occasion, and be able to escort guests to and from the shop when able to do so, or when the situation warrants such action."
must have ability to:
"other essential requirements education/training high school or equivalent. experience cashier experience preferred. customer service experience preferred. physical demands standing, walking, lifting (up to xxlbs) and climbing."
other duties assigned
other duties based on business needs
other duties include training new employees help manger with scheduling
other duties or assignments not listed above but a manager asks you to do.
other duties will be assigned as needed
"other duties, assignments and responsibilities as needed."
other duties:
other essential requirements
other forms
other duties as requested
other reasonably assigned duties as per business need
"other related duties, as may be assigned"
other related responsibilities as assigned.
other requirements :
other requirements include:
other responsibilities as assigned
"maintain customer waiting area, vending, soda, cards, etc."
maintain composure under stress brand: steak n shake
other duties as required
other duties as assigned. physical demands and work environment:
other tasks as assigned.
otg management llc is an equal opportunity employer. all applicants will be
organized and attentive to details.
"organized, multi-tasked, self-motivated with the ability to work effectively as part of a team or on individually-assigned tasks in a fast-paced, dynamic environment where superior time-management and prioritization skills are essential and required."
"organizes and accounts for tickets, credit card slips, and cash throughout shift."
organizing and restocking storage area
organizing candy or cleaning)
ortega national parks (onp)
"oswego, ny (preferred)"
"otg has revolutionized the hospitality industry by pushing the boundaries of excellence. with more than xxx in-terminal dining and retail locations across xx airports, otg and its x,xxx+ crewmembers serve millions of travelers each year. why otg?"
other & miscellaneous
other duties as assigned. job requirements:
other benefits
other duties
other duties and tasks as assigned by manager
maintain display items in a clean and orderly fashion
other duties as assigned basic qualifications
"other duties as assigned by manager. knowledge, skills, and abilities:"
other duties as assigned.
other duties as assigned. as your time allows you will have the opportunity to begin developing food preparation skills and techniques.
other skills:
other tasks assigned by management
our work environment is simple and enjoyable!
"our mission is to be the premier location where patrons will come to experience asian cultures and foods through an impressive variety of high-quality products from around the world. uwajimaya prides itself in providing exceptional customer service and is in the business of creating moments of ease, discovery and delight by providing asian culture, experiences and goods to the communities we serve. join our team in seattle!"
our growth opportunities:
our hours of operation are m-f x:xx am-x: xx pm and sat xam-xpm.
our ideal candidate has the below skill set/qualifications:
"our ideal candidate is engaging, cheerful, understands and embodies the ""power of nice.""this person can cross-train to fulfill positions on a growing fleet of food trucks, theater adorned stores, and central pit. our team members are the center of the show as guests become a part of something special. join our team today to see how we put the"
our ideal candidate must possess the following traits:
"our intellectual property is our people. it's our expertise that makes up legends. we know what it's like to be on the team, business, or athletic department side, which drives our passion in creating solutions for our partners. collectively, our leadership has over xxx years of experience in sales and sponsorship, analytics and valuation, hospitality and operations. about legends"
"our juices are never high pressure pasteurized, delivering significantly more nourishment and health benefits than traditional juicing methods. kreation is committed to using xxx% usda certified organic fruits and vegetables purchased locally. they flood the body’s cells with vitamins, minerals, and enzymes that cleanse, heal, and nourish. our goal has always been to provide nourishing, clean fuel for the mind, body and spirit. we love our community and work tirelessly to help our guests “kreate a new you”."
"our mission is simple - quality and great tasting food, consistent presentation and great, friendly service. we love food. we care about the way it looks and how it tastes. we have great people working with us, and we have great customers who love our food. we strive to give one of the best breakfast experiences. come join our team and bring your skills and great personality to eggslut!"
"our mission is to foster a hospitable environment that cultivates leaders and engages culture. we desire to build bridges, bringing the east and west together, old and new, religious and irreligious. we desire to be a neighborly presence that loves our neighbors! we desire that people who are tired and lonely can find rest in our very own coffee shop."
"our franchise organization, jagdamba corporation dba golden corral, is currently seeking energetic, friendly individuals to join our team!"
"our production associates prepare menu items in a fast and accurate manner. they contribute to a positive teamwork environment, are committed to providing quality service, and understand the value of providing true craftsmanship."
"our purpose is to change the way the world eats and to deliver on that purpose our goal is to be a great place to work where you can learn, grow, and develop both personally and professionally. primary responsibilities: foh positions are responsible for delivering superior guest service while processing transactions for payment, maintaining the cleanliness and sanitation of the front-of-the-house guest dining area, patios, and restrooms. in addition, these positions are responsible for suggestive selling beverages and pastries and acting as a guide to guests as they navigate through the service line and dining areas. expected behaviors:"
our sales associate delivers anengaging service experience by attending to the customer’s needs as well assuggesting some additional product options. the associate contributes to ahigh-energy shopping environment balancing the customer service focus withmaintaining superior floor presentation standards. the associate contributes tothe success of the store’s performance by meeting and exceeding sales andselect company key matrices goals. the individual may also assist in receivingand processing new product from backdoor to the selling floor. the associateneeds to be a team player and flexible to changes in this dynamic storeenvironment.
our stage is the world. our time is now.
"our store employees are the face of the aldi shopping experience. their hard work makes it possible to uphold our company philosophy, providing quality products at the best possible price. their smiles and pleasant demeanors keep customers coming back time and time again. our store employees work many roles - from store associate to cashier to stocker - while providing excellent customer service. as a store employee, you're also responsible for merchandising product, monitoring inventory and keeping the store looking its best. it's an opportunity to get more out of your career and grow in an exciting environment. position type: part-time"
"our stores cultural attractions are an important part of the fabric of our communities. we are honored to have the opportunity to work in such fabulous places. in our stores, there are surprises for guests and employees to enjoy in every corner. each of our beautifully designed stores is unique, and each provides a high-quality retail experience to complement the fun memories created throughout the guests’ visits at each of our partner locations. from the store ambiance, environments and stunning visual displays, to the personalized product assortments cultivated specifically for each venue - each store tells a story. within each are passionate and devoted team members, along with our excited guests. when guests walk into our stores, they feel welcome and encouraged to engage with their surroundings, to create additional memories that will contribute to the next chapter in their very own story. join us and be part of our story! benefits – we’ve got you covered in addition to competitive pay, we offer health benefits and store discounts that can be used at any of our stores. bring your talent to us! apply today! you'll have the opportunity to join a team that takes pride in our amazing company culture. share your commitment to excellence with us, and be a part of our culture of teamwork, creativity, inspiration & fun. you will enjoy an environment where you are encouraged and inspired to develop yourself professionally and personally, where you are celebrated and motivated, and where we promote wellness through healthy living to enhance your quality of life. come see for yourself! event network is an equal opportunity employer."
"our stores cultural attractions are an important part of the fabric of our communities. we are honored to have the opportunity to work in such fabulous places. in our stores, there are surprises for guests and employees to enjoy in every corner. each of our beautifully designed stores is unique, and each provides a high-quality retail experience to complement the fun memories created throughout the guests’ visits at each of our partner locations. from the store ambiance, environments and stunning visual displays, to the personalized product assortments cultivated specifically for each venue - each store tells a story. within each are passionate and devoted team members, along with our excited guests. when guests walk into our stores, they feel welcome and encouraged to engage with their surroundings, to create additional memories that will contribute to the next chapter in their very own story. join us and be part of our story! benefits – we’ve got you covered:"
"our sun & ski store is seeking a driven part time cashier. we are looking for candidates that have the passion and drive to be number one and to work in a team atmosphere! here you'll help cultivate an environment that is exciting, interactive and fun for both customers and employees! these are an amazing opportunities for dynamic individuals."
"our franchise organization, sinda food, inc. dba golden corral, is currently seeking energetic, friendly individuals to join our team!"
"our first store opened on january xnd, xxxx in anaheim ca and since then we have grown to xx stores in three counties: los angeles, orange and san diego. we offer our customers a full service supermarket with a large meat department, bakery, tortilleria and prepared foods in addition to a sizeable section of domestic and imported latin american grocery goods to provide a mexican homeland experience. we are always looking for great people to join as a member of the northgate family. we look for enthusiastic people with the potential and desire to grow with us. we strive to create a great work environment that is positive and fun; where people have meaningful work, where individuals have a sense of belonging and feel appreciated, valued and secure. if you are passionate about food, are customer focused, team oriented, and want to be a part of our family, we invite you to apply! we offer opportunities for growth, xx% discount for you and one other family member in your household for most purchases made at northgate and flexible schedules. to learn more, please visit www.northgatemarkets.com."
"our address is xxx mott street, at the crossroads of mott and grand. if you're on board, then continue forward!"
our cashiers are the face of paris baguette; they provide friendly and fast service to our customers. we take pride in our work and in our products.
"our brands are committed to being ""open to all"" - promising that within our stores, you will always find a welcoming and safe environment, where we do not discriminate against anyone for any reason. our core purpose as a company is to provide all women and girls with fashion and inspiration for living confidently each day. when we consider who is part of al - we acknowledge ""all means all,"" and that we are ""open to all."""
"our brands are committed to being ""open to all"" – promising that within our stores, you will always find a welcoming and safe environment, where we do not discriminate against anyone for any reason. our core purpose as a company is to provide all women and girls with fashion and inspiration for living confidently everyday. when we consider who is part of all—we acknowledge ""all means all,"" and that we are ""open to all."""
our business is always growing and we are always on the look for good people to stay with us and grow with us!
"our cage cashiers start at $xx.xx/hour plus tips! potential to earn up to $xx.xx/hour as you learn and advance your career. now hiring for full and part time opportunities with flexible scheduling. cage cashiers provide exemplary guest service, while accurately making change, exchanging chips for cash, and cashing out electronic gambling machine vouchers."
"our carson store is currently looking for x part time cashier with an open schedule, monday-sunday xx to xx hours per week"
"our cashier team will help create an oasis for our customers by providing excellent customer service. going above and beyond what is required and letting our customers know that our cashier team is fully listening, understanding, comprehending, respecting and available to answer all their questions and concerns. qualifications"
"our cashiers are in the unique position of being the final point of contact with our customers, and having the opportunity to leave a lasting impression by providing friendly and courteous service as they accurately and efficiently check out customers' orders. if you enjoy interacting with people, a cashier just may be the right job for you!"
"our cashiers are responsible for cultivating an efficient and friendly guest experience while maintaining the ""sure no problem"" customer service philosophy during the last phase of a customer’s visit with worldwide golf. they are responsible for all customer transactions, ensuring guest satisfaction at the service desk and proper control of all cash and media materials."
our cashiers need to:
"our f&b attendant are responsible for exceeding our members’ expectations by providing them with the highest level of consistent, professional, warm and individualized service. this position will be responsible for the execution of all café beverages and have a detailed understanding of ingredients, allergies, and basic philosophies of the menu in order to communicate with members and respond to their needs. this position is responsible for the cleanliness, maintenance, and refills of the beverage and food area along with all payment handling."
our commitment to you:
"our company provides equal employment opportunities (eeo) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics."
"our continued success is driven by our core values, which are:"
"our customer associates know what our customer wants and deliver it -- fast, accurate and with friendly service. we hear and sense customer needs and keep our manager and fellow team members informed. we take pride in every aspect of our work and perform it with energy and enthusiasm. we are strong team players, with a commitment to continuous learning, who provide quality service and products to our customers through true craftsmanship."
"our employees are our most important asset and that’s reflected in our benefits. nordstrom is proud to offer a variety of benefits to support employees and their families, including:"
our exciting work environment
our exciting work environment:
our expectations
organized and able to schedule your time efficiently
organized and able to multitask and handle pressure well
organized - possessing the trait of being organized or following a systematic method of performing a task.
"maintain front desk area so it is clean, stocked and organized at all times"
operates pharmacy systems to obtain patient prescription status.
operates pos equipment such as a cash register and scanner to process customer orders.
operates pos system and makes accurate cash and financial transactions.
operates register accurately.
operates standard office equipment to include:
operates the complete register system
operates the pos cash register efficiently
"operates work area in accordance with established standards, policies and procedures. answer customer questions about product ingredients and preparation; suggest appropriate items to compliment customer orders. assist in the success of the restaurant by ensuring guest satisfaction through adhering to standards for quality, value, service and cleanliness. maintain a positive working relationship with all restaurant employees and customers to foster and promote a cooperative and pleasant working climate. communicate all significant issues, both positive and negative, with management staff. qualification standards:"
"operating a cash register, checking out customer purchases"
"operates cash register after time calculation (manually or by machine), calculates cost or transaction and displays cost of customer transaction on cash register."
operating cash registers
operating cash registers and managing financial transactions
"operating cash registers, lift gates, ticket machine and other electronics."
"operating equipment such as a cash register, lottery ticket machine, gas pump consoles, food service appliances"
"operating equipment such as lottery ticket machines, gas pump consoles, etc."
"operating scanners, scales, cash registers, and other electronics."
"operating the cash register, credit card machine and cash handling"
operational
"operates check stand equipment such as a cash register, scanner and scale to process customer orders using two aisles to check customers."
"operates a variety of kitchen utensils to weigh, measure, mix, wash, peel, cut, grind, stir, strain, season and knead foodstuffs for cooking, serving and storing."
"organize, file, and provide a positive and professional workplace presence"
"maintain full knowledge of all current promotions, specials, and storewide sales."
operate point of sale system and keep assigned area fully stocked and clean
operate power equipment only if certified
operate power equipment only if certified.
"operate registers, scanners, scales and credit card/debit card terminals"
operate relevant equipment in a safe and productive manner. general responsibilities:
operate relevant equipment in a safe and productive manner. skills and qualifications: candidates who apply for the cashier clerk position must possess the following skills:
"maintain general housekeeping and sanitation standards in compliance with store policy and state and local health regulations on a regular, ongoing basis."
operate shift within company guidelines to achieve sales and profit.
operate standard kitchen equipment safety and efficiently
operates a register and handles cash and credit card transactions
operate switchboard telephone system
operate the cash register; it should be each employee's goal to use the register without error and to be consistently accurate in money handling.
operate the lottery/lotto terminal. follow all payout procedures as per company policies. only lottery & lotto can be paid out.
operate the pos (cash register) both efficiently and accurately
operate touch-screen pos system and uphold all cash handling policies
"operates a cash register (or equivalent), receives payments of cash, checks and charges from customers or employees for goods or services, making change and issuing receipts or tickets to customers."
"operates a cash register (orequivalent), receives payments of cash, checks and charges from customers oremployees for goods or services, making change and issuing receipts or ticketsto customers."
"operates a cash register, receives payment from customers, and makes change or processes check/charge/debit transactions. processes cash and/or credit refunds, when approved by management. verifies customer eligibility when selling alcoholic beverages."
operational excellence:
maintain food service preparation/presentation/appearance/operations and sanitary conditions at all times and in accordance with company policies and procedures.
operations & freight flow associate duties:
ordering and monitoring supplies
"options for xxxk, dental, vision, and medical plans"
or call xxx-xxx-xxxx to schedule an interview.
or hear. the employee is occasionally required to climb or balance and taste or smell. specific vision abilities required by this job include close
"or, join us at one of our job fairs that will be held on the following dates and times at xxxx university way ne:"
orchard fresh-xxxx
order accuracy responsibilities
"order taking and greeter dialogue processes guest orders in person or by telephone using the pos, handles cash and credit/debit card transactions with accuracy while upholding register dialogue."
order-to-cash
ordering of all merchandise
"operations associate – freight flow, operations"
orders and monitors inventory of supplies needed for the front end
"orders, receives, stocks and merchandises all hbc products"
organization
organization and highly detailed oriented
organizational and time management skills and ability to prioritize requests and department activities.
organizational skills
"organizational skills, attention to detail and ability to prioritize multiple tasks"
maintain employee attendance logs
ops manager
opportunity:
opportunity to have an impact on our business
opportunity to grow and advance within our organization
operations excellence for guest satisfaction
operations:
opportunities for additional training and advancement into higher level positions
maintain extremely clean and sanitary work station
opportunities for career growth
opportunities for growth
opportunities for growth and career advancement
opportunities for growth; we love promoting from within!
opportunities to advance
opportunities to grow
opportunities to win trips to disney world and disneyland
opportunity for advancement
opportunity for advancement.
opportunity for career advancement in our growing company
opportunity for growth
opportunity for growth within the company;
opportunity to further your career with a rapidly growing and successful dealer organization
"our team is the face of tennis for over xxx,xxx tennis fanatics!"
outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
"operate computerized cash register and credit card scanner inside the cashier area, completing customer transactions as well as properly maintaining a cash drawer."
participate in staff meetings and training seminars
part-time xx-xx hours/week
"participate in a fast-paced, upbeat environment that serves guests in record times with top quality products"
participate in annual physical inventory and periodic cycle counts as needed.
participate in consistent feedback conversations about your performance
maintain clean and tidy checkout areas
participate in inventory control and loss prevention programs to reduce shortage
participate in open and close procedures
participate in regional and national sales promotions.
participate in store and cashier meetings.
part-time with weekend availability
"participate in wine, spirits, and beer training to learn how you can provide customers with recommendations and connect them to the right products"
"participates as a team member with, food servers, bus persons, cooks, supervisors and any pertinent company associates in producing a smoothly and efficiently run operation that meets the highest standards of guest service."
participates in annual competency review.
"participates in regular safety meetings, safety training and hazard assessments."
"participates in regular safety meetings,safety training and hazard assessments."
participates in safety awareness and maintenance of a risk-free environment
participates in store programs and selling events
maintain clean and tidy checkout area
maintain clean and tidy checkout areas.
part-time sales associates (permanent and temporary available)
participating in ongoing training
"part time, saturdays included"
part time cashiers needed. xx years or older to work opening shifts or closing shifts(till xx:xxpm). weekends are a must. please apply in person at xxxx jerusalem ave. next to walmart.
part time employees may not be eligible for some of the above benefits.
part time evenings and weekends
part time supermarket cashier.applicants must have at least x years supermarket cashier experience.
part time training requirements - all team members are provided paid training and are expected to successfully complete all essential components of training within the first xx days. this includes web based and hands-on training.
"maintain clean work environment, including dish washing, window washing and other cleaning"
"part time work hours - our business requires a flexible scheduling consisting of days, evenings and weekends. weekly average hours for a part time clerk is xx-xx. hours fluctuate weekly in accordance with business."
part time x+ days per week.
maintain clean and tidy front store area
"part-time position for a sales person in an adult novelty and tobacco shop. looking for someone who has retail experience, great communication skills, outgoing and willing to offer ideas on improving the store. a slightly different field then most retail jobs but a great industry to improve your sales and communication skills."
part-time and full-time needed.
part-time and full-time positions available!!!
"part-time and full-time positions available. we can offer a variety of shifts to work with your schedule. you can learn about great food and grow your passion at the same time. we provide training resources and support. competitive pay, $xx to $xx an hour, depending upon experience. paid time and a half for working any of these five federally recognized holidays: new years day, labor day, fourth of july, memorial day and thanksgiving. promotional opportunities. we are a growing company and you can grow with us! variety of medical, dental, and vision benefits to cove you and/or your family. xxxk. xx% off team member discount. xx% off team member lunch discount. ability to participate in the my rewards program while shopping where you work. plum market offers a desirable and rewarding place to work. employment is contingent on a successful background check."
part-time associate (cashier)
part-time availability (up to xx hours per week)
part-time benefits package
part-time position - able to work at least xx hours per week
"participates in the ongoing maintenance of the selling floor and fitting rooms, including re-sizing of fixtures, putting go-backs away, executing markdowns, and signing fixtures and windows where needed"
participating in physical inventory counts as required
outgoing and enthusiastic personality
"patrol transient and reserved parking levels on foot or in customized motor carts, if applicable."
passion to serve others
"passion, pride and protection in everything you do by utilizing proper tools, equipment and procedures in accordance with health, safety and sanitation guidelines."
passionate about coffee
passionate about hospitality and customer service
passionate about our mission to serve healthy food to the community
past practice in running a register and utilizing hand-held devices
pastry - all made in house - make sure pastry counter is stocked and presentable. we specialize in eclairs!
"path for growth includes: team trainer, team leader, supervisor, and director levels"
pay & benefits
passion for sports and/or outdoor activity interviews are by appointment only. dick’s sporting goods is an equal opportunity employer.
"maintain clean and organized foh stations, dining room, and restrooms."
pay and benefits:
pay commensurate with experience.
pay frequency: bi weekly or twice monthly
pay from xx.xx to xx.xx hourly
pay out service gratuities and run appropriate reports.
"pay rate $xx/h start, good worker get raise frequently."
maintainence and cleanliness according to health department standards
passion to assist with customers
passion for results – set compelling targets and deliver on commitments.
partner with management team on the implementation of monthly visual directives.
"pass pre-employment drug screen, physical and background check"
partnering with other crew and managers to meet target goals during your shift
partners with store leadership to resolve customers concerns in a courteous and helpful manner
partners with store/center manager to maximize sales potential.
pass a drug screening
pass a standard background and drug screen
pass all required background checks
pass background check.
passion for apparel click here to review our rewards & benefits information dick’s sporting goods is an equal opportunity employer.
"passion for quality, safety and sanitation"
passion for bikes and/or fitness click here to review our rewards & benefits information dick’s sporting goods is an equal opportunity employer.
passion for customer service
passion for footwear click here to review our rewards & benefits information dick's sporting goods is an equal opportunity employer.
passion for golf click here to review our rewards & benefits information
passion for golf click here to review our rewards & benefits information dick’s sporting goods is an equal opportunity employer.
passion for hospitality https://youtu.be/wgxkixxlpuc full time associates at restaurant associates are offered many fantastic benefits such as:
passion for natural foods and the mission of whole foods market.
passion for outdoor activity
part time cashier/front end **must be available weekends**
part time and full time positions available
part or full-time cashier position.
packaging food and beverages for sale.
"ownership – provides great customer service; cooperates and builds positive, inclusive and respectful relationships; takes accountability for own actions and outcomes"
"owns a wealth of knowledge regarding ingredients, benefits, and uses for all kreation offerings; shares that knowledge with guests to empower them in making confident purchases towards their health"
p-!x fdny certificate of fitness (required)
"pack food items, roll silverware, make coffee, fill beverage cups and assist to clear dishes."
"package customer purchases for removal from the store (includes wrapping, bagging)"
maintain composure under stress
"package customer purchases for removal from the store (includes wrapping, bagging) • ensure all items intended for purchase are identified and properly scanned • execute activities related to store initiatives to offer customers additional products and services (e.g., special sale items, credit card applications) • return misplaced product, customer returns, and other product gathered in the front-end to the correct location in the store • perform additional duties as required including, but not limited to, stocking, freight processing, price changes and cart retrieval"
"packages and handles customers’ groceries according to their preference - paper, plastic, or both. offers/assists customers with carry out service."
packaging items for sale
"ownership of store cleanliness and assist in maintaining standards on the sales floor, stock room, lockers, kitchen, bathroom, etc."
packing up for closing
packing up orders to go and to dine in customers
paid holidays
paid holidays & pto
paid holidays and vacation.
"paid holidays, vacation"
paid life insurance
paid meals and tips
"ownership – provide great customer service; cooperate and build positive, inclusive and respectful relationships; take accountability for your actions and outcomes."
overview of responsibilities
"part of the team – we are family and together we are passionate, energetic, inviting, honest, and proud."
overall ensure we give the highest level of customer service to every customer.
outgoing manner
outgoing personality is a must. looking for people who have no fear to talk to strangers and talk about our food.
"outgoing, personable and courteous personality"
outlet sales clerk cashier
outstanding customer service
outstanding guest service skills and ability to ensure a guest priority culture
outstanding interpersonal and listening skills.
over x weeks of work available with - xx hour a day schedules with overtime!
overall responsibilities
overview of position: cashiers are front line employees who are responsible for the completing sales of food and beverages. cashiers must interact with guests and assist in providing a premier alpine experience.
"overall responsibility/accountability for all aspects of cashiering, including recording, handling, and depositing money from all parking-related operations. essential duties and responsibilities:"
"overnight work availability, including holidays"
"oversee cash transactions, cash reconciliations, and other accounting duties according to company policies."
"oversees the operation of the slot department during assigned shift. ensures good quality customer service to cage/slots department. handles cash transactions and provides clearly supervisor customer service to guests. duties: responsible for ensuring the opening and closing of games, including completion of all required reports. responsible for scheduling staff, handling employee disputes and training new employees. responsible for signing in and out necessary keys for assigned shift. providing assistance to new customers on game rules and operation of machines. performs all duties in accordance with clearly superior customer service standards. maintain custody of the cashier's inventory of currency, coins, tokens, forms, documents and records transactions accurately at cashier's station or as floor attendant. performs cash transactions and provides floor support as necessary. cashes out jackpots under the direct supervision of the shift manager. effectively, efficiently and professionally communicates with coworkers using a radio. perfoms basic troubleshooting on player terminals. qualifications: high school diploma or ged. retail or customer service experience required. a minimum of x yrs. gaming experience or supervisory experience required. a minimum of x yrs. large volume cash handling experience is preferred coupled with a fast-paced business environment."
overtime available!**
overtime is available benefits:
"overtime when applicable,"
overview of critical duties:
paid parental leave
paid personal time off
paid pto and vacation days
panera perks:
paid vacations
paid vacations & holidays
"maintain clean/orderly lobby, checkout, marketplace and bathroom areas; stock shelves and pie cases, empty trash receptacles and restock supplies as needed."
paid vacations and holidays
paid weekly
panera bread hiring event!!
panera bread is now hiring for the following positions:
panera perks
pann's restaurant is looking to hire a host/cashier (take-out ordering) ft/pt. note:
"maintain company brand standards of neat, clean and organized sales area, to ensure the store environment is safe and presentable for employees and customers."
"maintain clean, neat and orderly areas"
parental leave health benefits
"paris baguette is an equal opportunity employer eoe, m/f/disability/vet."
paris baguette olympic is hiring a part time or full time hourly sales associate.
parking attendants - days/nights/weekends - flexible schedule
"parking facilities do a lot more than just store your car. they serve as buffers for high density, high activity areas and, as such, alleviate congestion and the ensuing pollution. but, with the explosive growth of the sharing and on-demand economy, it is expected that the need for parking to solely store cars will be outgrown by other needs. it is within this environment that we have re-imagined the role of a parking facility."
parking industry experience is preferred but not required.
part - time we look for candidates with the the below qualities:
paid vacation submit your resume to: hr@hmartus.com
paid vacation for full time employees
paid vacation days and paid sick leave
paid vacation and sick leave
paid sick time
"maintain cleanliness of floors, counter and restrooms at all times."
maintain cleanliness of facilities. assist in kitchen sanitation program. comply with standard food handling and sanitation procedures.
paid time off after xx days of employment
paid time off and vacation
paid time off compensation
"paid time off, xxxk with company match, commuter benefits and plum benefits"
"paid time off: depending on the length of your tenure at parkhurst, a number of hours of work results in one hour paid time off"
maintain cleanliness of all areas of the store including offices and restrooms
"maintain cleanliness and organization in dining room, restrooms, and patios."
paid training on all all office systems and workflow processes.
paid training:
"maintain cleanliness and appearance standards (buss tables, maintain trash area, refill utensils, set up.. etc)"
paid vacation (full-time positions)
paid vacation (full-time positions).
paid vacation and health benefits
response to telephone calls in a professional manner
"operate multi-line telephone system - relay incoming, outgoing, and internal calls with a high level of professionalism. handle cash flow for all departments while keeping register in balance. assist with administrative duties that supports the process of sales and service as needed."
"operate check stand equipment such as cash registers, scanners, and scales."
must have accurate mathematical skills and be able to count currency.
n/a - fixed schedules
must understand and practice basic food safety
must understand food handling guidelines according to the nyc board of health requirements
"must use both hands to move grocery carts horizontally requiring a force up to xx lbs., for a distance up to x feet for up to xx hours."
"must want to work in an environment built around love, respect and integrity."
must work weekend!!
must work with or without supervision
mustbe available to work monday-friday x:xxam-x:xxpm
mytajob.com
"naan tastic in rochester, ny is looking for a full time cashier to join our strong team. we are located on xxxx west ridge road rochester, ny xxxxx. our ideal candidate is a self-starter, punctual, and engaged. responsibilities greet customers entering and leaving the business *maintain a clean and tidy work area *accurately process all cash and credit payments *provide exceptional customer service"
must speak fluent english. parking provided. wage based on skills.
name tag must always be worn – no exceptions.
"nathan's famous has partnered with workforcex, and is looking for cashier/counter!! full-time! permanent opportunity! paid holidays, vacation, free meals and more! positions: looking to hire cashiers/counters experience is very helpful but not required. nathans will provide paid training. job requirements: must be over xx years of age. should have solid customer service and communication skills."
nationwide discount program for merchandise and services
native americans receive preference in accordance with tribal law.
"maintain high standards of quality control, hygiene, health and safety"
nearest major market: middletown
nearest secondary market: poughkeepsie
neat & clean appearance at all times
"must understand and achieve company vision, mission, and goals."
must speak english
"need basic computer skills and keyboard, switch board experience a plus"
must possess strong organizational and communication skills.
must possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills
must possess excellent communication skills.
must possess excellent customer service skills.
must possess exemplary guest service skills and ability to interact in a positive manner with the public.
must possess good attention to detail
"must possess good communication, listening and interpersonal skills."
must possess knowledge of computers and various types of software.
"must possess mobility to work in a standard office setting and use standard office equipment, including a computer; vision to read printed materials and a computer screen; hearing and speech to communicate in person and over the telephone. this is primarily a sedentary office classification although standing in and walking between work areas may be required. finger dexterity is needed to access, enter, and retrieve data using a computer keyboard or calculator and to operate standard office equipment. incumbents in this classification occasionally bend, stoop, kneel, reach, push, and pull drawers open and closed to retrieve and file information. incumbents must possess the ability to lift, carry, push, and pull materials and objects up to xx pounds.  hazards: conditions of employment: typing certificate requirements: special notes:"
must possess the ability to calmly work in a fast-paced & high stress environment
must show up on time
must possess the ability to communicate effectively in english (both orally and in writing)
must possess the ability to complete multiple tasks with strong organizational skills.
must possess the ability to count money and make correct change.
must possess the ability to multi task and perform repetitive tasks accurately.
must possess the ability to oversee designated work area
must possess the ability to take direction and listen attentively to supervisors and customers
"must possess the physical stamina and proper mental attitude to work under pressure in a fast-paced environment and effectively deal with customers, management, employees, and members of the business community in all situations."
must provide documentation of legal u.s. residency
necessary to be able to lift up to xxlbs when helping customers with in-store purchases and offering assistance to their vehicle if needed.
need experiencecook and cashier
"maintain high quality customer service by greeting, selling, and servicing of all customers."
no weekends
no experience required.
no more than x points on driving record.
"no previous experience is needed, we will train you for all positions"
no previous work experience required.
no prior retail experience required
no prior retail experience required.
no specific educational accomplishment is necessary. previous restaurant/hospitality experience is preferred but not required.
no unsolicited agency referrals please.
"no work experience required, flexible schedule"
no experience needed!
noise level may be moderate to high at times.
non-essential — x%
non-exempt hours
"non-exempt, full or part time position. employees in this position provide guests with service and product as quickly, conveniently, and efficiently as possible in a friendly manner. each server/cashier is responsible for ensuring proper and efficient service ensuring that each shift contributes to the increased profitability of the restaurant using independent decision-making. other duties as assigned."
none specified
nordstrom will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with all legal requirements.
northgate markets is proud to be an equal opportunity employer
"no experience required, but prefer a minimum of x-x years of work experience in a similar work environment"
no experience necessary.
"maintain high standards of personal appearance and grooming, which include wearing the proper uniform"
new york city food handler (preferred)
need to have a clean driving record
needs to be available to work nights and weekends!
needs to be proficient in using a calculator to calculate percentage discounts.
nepali (preferred)
"never settle for less, even the best can be better"
never the same thing twice
"new and exciting family own italian eatery/pizzeria looking for counter person with a vibrant personality to join our team. if you are interested, stop by and apply in person at xxx woodbury rd, woodbury ny xxxxx."
new opening restaurant
"new york, ny"
no experience necessary! we will train the right candidates!
"nexdine is a specialty dining service provider experiencing explosive growth, recently named as one of the top xx food service management companies in the country!"
"nexdine is a specialty dining service provider experiencing explosive growth, recently named as one of the top xx food service management companies in the country! because of our continuing growth and expansion, nexdine is always looking for talented and passionate team members! that being said, we're looking for our next cashier / cafe worker to join our corporate cafe team in melville, ny! $xx-xx/hour plus benefits xst shift cashier / cafe worker hours/schedule: x:xxam to x:xxpm monday through friday schedule! enjoy your nights and weekends off"
nexdine is an equal opportunity employer
"niagara falls, ny (required)"
night shift
"nights, weekends and holiday availability a must (rotate holidays)"
no car washing experience needed
"no drama, no issues, no surprises!"
must possess current state food handler’s permit
must possess basic math skills and have the ability to handle money
must possess basic math skills
must have or obtain a food handlers permit within xx days of employment.
must have experience in customer service pro club is an equal opportunity employer and a drug and nicotine free business. please visit our website at http://www.proclub.jobs to apply. revision date: x/xx/xxxx
"must have experience in the salon,. beauty school, or spa.environment."
must have flexible schedule
must have food handler’s card within xx days of employment and pass all the requisite training and certifications assigned to the role
must have good command of the english language
must have knowledge of food and safety guidelines.
maintain neat eating and serving areas
must have open availability.
must have own vehicle (required)
must have excellent organizational skills and the ability to multitask
must have own vehicle and valid driver's license for bank run.
must have previous money handling experience.
"must have problem solving abilities, be self-motivated, and organized"
maintain lp policies and procedures.
"must have problem solving abilities, be self-motivated, and organized."
must have reliable transportation
must have reliable transportation.
maintain log on all foh (donated or shrinkage empanada)
must have excellent verbal communication skills and basic computer skills.
must have excellent interpersonal communication skills.
must possess basic computational ability and basic computer skills.
must have cash handling experience.
must have accurate mathematical skills and can count currency.
"must have an outgoing, friendly personality. cashier must possess a cheerful positive accommodating disposition. education/experience:"
"must have approximate availability of xam-xpm for majority of week, weekends included."
"must have at least x year retail and cashier experience. experience in specialty retail, outdoor equipment or apparel sales, or fitness equipment or apparel sales strongly preferred."
must have basic computer knowledge to include general typing and xx key skills.
must have basic knowledge of lottery machine.
"must have basic knowledge of math, weights and measures; ability to read, count and write to accurately complete required documentation"
must have ca food handlers card
"must have cash register, cash handling, and credit card experience."
"maintain onsite signage displays as directed, keeping all components clean and in good repair, if applicable."
must have cashier experience in a food service environment.
must have excellent attention to detail
must have excellent communication and customer service skills
must have excellent customer service and communication skills.
must have excellent customer service skills and must be dependable
"must have excellent customer service skills and must be dependable “i firmly believe that our people are the most important asset we have. everyone has heard me say “our people are my #x priority” which is the simple belief that only our people can make our customers and clients love us. i know if we take care of our people, they will take care of our customers.”"
"must have excellent customer service, verbal and written communication skills."
must have excellent guest service skills.
must have strong organizational skills
must have strong verbal and written communication skills
"must have sufficient mobility to perform assigned production tasks including: constant reaching, bending, stooping, wiping, pushing, and pulling for extended periods of time."
must naturally enjoy interacting with people of all ages
must love tacos
must maintain a clean and professional appearance.
must maintain a friendly famous attitude regardless of how busy the position may get brand: famous dave's bbq
must maintain the highest level of customer service at all times
must meet all qualifications and requirements of the cashier level i.
must meet any state and or local age requirements for serving alcoholic beverages.
must meet minimum age requirements to perform specific job functions.
"must meet state and local health requirements for food handlers and alcoholic beverage services. practice safe work habits, follow all safety policies and procedures and regulations, complete company-wide safety training and any additional job specific safety training. legends is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, or genetic information."
must obtain food safety handler card
must have the ability to accommodate a flexible work schedule.
must occasionally lift and lift up to xx pounds.
must occasionally lift and/or move up to xx pounds.
must possess a positive and friendly demeanor and be able to engage customers in friendly conversation to build customer relationships.
must possess a strong attention to detail
"must possess a team spirit– one who is able to share credit with teammates, admit mistakes, and do their share on behalf of the team. this is an excellent opportunity for someone who possesses initiative, great people skills, a servant attitude, and who can cast a vision for excellence."
"must possess a team spirit– one who is able to share credit with teammates, admit mistakes, and do their share on behalf of the team. this is an excellent opportunity for someone who possesses initiative, great people skills, a servant attitude, and who can cast a vision for excellence. must be available a minimum of xx hours a week."
"must possess ability to effectively work independently or in teams, mindful of all timetables."
"must possess and display genuine concern, care and empathy for all guests and their overall dining experience."
"must lift/carry product horizontally/vertically weighing up to xx lbs., from xx” to xx”, for a distance up to x feet for up to xx hours without mechanical assistance."
must have x:xxam to xpm availability
"must have working knowledge of cash register operation and sales. must be neat in appearance with ability to work with the public. employee must complete operational duties with accuracy and efficiency to ensure smooth operation of the business and patron satisfaction. work is primarily standing; however, some walking, carrying and light lifting (xx-xx lbs.) is occasionally required in support of special events and functions."
must have valid identification
"must have the ability to communicate clearly and directly with guests using a positive, clear speaking voice"
must have the ability to deal effectively and interact well with the customers and employees.
must have the ability to deal effectively and interact well with the guests and team members.
must have the ability to drive to work
"maintain knowledge of airport, terminal and restaurants; offer information, recommendations, etc."
"must have the ability to handle large volumes of cash and multi-task in an accurate, honest and efficient manner at all times."
must have the ability to maintain a clean work area
maintain housekeeping levels to ensure cleanliness and safety standards.
must have the ability to make guest service a priority and provide exemplary guest service while ensuring all guest transactions are accurate and efficient.
must have the ability to perform basic math skills.
must have the ability to perform transactions by use of basic math skills.
must have the ability to read and write english and have proficient math skills.
must have the ability to resolve problems/conflicts in a diplomatic and tactful manner. physical requirements and work environment:
"must have the ability to work a varied schedule that will include evenings, nights, and weekends"
must have the ability to work in a fast paced environment.
"must have the availability and the ability to work a flexible schedule to meets the demands of a retail business and retail consumer which may include regular nights, weekends, long and short shifts."
must have two or more years of retail experience
northgate markets will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the california fair employment and housing act (ban the box law).
"not a normal cashier job. main job of the cashier is to sell memberships everyday so must be good with sales. very easy to sell though, due to the fact they are such good deals. makes comission and bonus every day."
"operate cash register, accept various payments, make change and maintain proper cash levels."
on site training!
"omnichannel – resolves customer omnichannel needs in a timely manner and partner with cashier supervisor or manager on duty for any customer service needs. assists with enterprise fulfillment reporting and metrics and takes action to resolve issues. shares reporting and metrics results with team and uses information to motivate or train associates. assists in processing jcp.com orders, aged and undelivered orders/returns, and supporting systems. supports binning and pick-and-pack processes for jcp.com orders as needed."
"omnichannel – trains, mentors and coaches all associates at jcp.com. pickup location on processes and transaction procedures related to delivery and return of jcp.com orders. monitors and shares ominchannel and reporting metrics and takes action to resolve issues."
"on a daily basis standing, bending, stopping, walking, lifting between xx-xx pounds. must be able to work with dust, fumes, and solvents daily."
"on occasion and in the absence of a cashier level i, the cashier level ii shall be required to perform cashiering tasks in accordance with internal controls."
"on our team, everyone plays a critical role. your mission (and ours) is to serve and inspire athletes and outdoor enthusiasts to achieve their personal best through the relentless improvement of everything we do."
"on our team, everyone plays a critical role. your mission (and ours) is to serve and inspire athletes and outdoor enthusiasts to achieve their personal best through the relentless improvement of everything we do. cashier duties:"
"on our team, everyone plays a critical role. your mission (and ours) is to serve and inspire athletes and outdoor enthusiasts to achieve their personal best through the relentless improvement of everything we do. firearms sales associate duties:"
"on our team, everyone plays a critical role. your mission (and ours) is to serve and inspire athletes and outdoor enthusiasts to achieve their personal best through the relentless improvement of everything we do. sales associate duties:"
on the job training and continuing education.
omjuicebar.com
on the job training provided
on-the-job training
on-the-job training learn more about careers with bon appétit: http://www.bamco.com/careers/
"on-the-job training learn more about careers with bon appétit: http://www.bamco.com/careers/ summary: performs cashiering and catering duties, including making cash transactions, verifying cash drawer, giving change, counting cash receipts and completing cash reports, and setting up and breaking down catering events. may also perform general food service work. maintains sanitation standards in the preparation, service and dining room facilities. essential duties and responsibilities: performs sales transactions in a timely fashion."
"onboard your crew – actively participate in all store-related meetings, working towards exceeding sales and service performance goals set by store management"
"once hired, you will be trained to provide friendly, helpful and knowledgeable guest service that goes above and beyond at all times. you will contribute and excel in a team service environment. you will be responsible for understanding and following all company standards and guidelines, and perform opening, on-going, and closing side-work duties."
one (x) year cashier experience preferred.
one (x) year of previous cashier or money handling experience is required.
maintain good communications in the department and throughout the organization
"ollie’s is an equal opportunity employer. in compliance with federal and state equal opportunity laws, qualified applicants are considered for all positions applied for without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, veteran’s status, disability, or any other legally protected status."
one day prior
"offers friendly, knowledgeable, efficient and courteous assistance to customers by providing them with current store and product information. when requested, loads customer purchases by assisting customers to their vehicles."
offer assistance to customers with large purchases as needed (carry purchases out to their cars)
offer assistance to find the products the customers are looking for.
offer of employment contingent upon successful completion of national agency check (naci) background check.
offering exceptional guest service
"offers additional products and services such as home delivery, credit card, and ikea family card"
offers assistance to all guests.
offers assistance to any guests who may need help.
offers exceptional after sales service in terms of repairing exchanging or refunding merchandise to our customers
offers information and suggestions about our menu to the guest
old world food market
offers the highest level of customer service to internal and external guests
"office of human resources at xxxx n. grand avenue, walnut, ca xxxxx-xxxx. human resources: (xxx) xxx-xxxx. e-mail: employment@mtsac.edu. selection procedure:"
office paperwork
"office: xxxx garfield ave, commerce, ca xxxxx"
"often times, people think that all retail positions are the same... and for the most part, they may be right! but when it comes to the merchandise we sell, the people that work for us and the scheduling flexibility we offer, we are definitely different! our stores are very entrepreneurial and we have a unique approach to customer service, we are truly a retail phenomenon. as a cashier, you will be responsible for exceeding our customers’ evolving expectations by providing “best in class” customer service and a pleasant and fulfilling shopping experience. successful candidates will be given the opportunity to offer our customers the widest range of quality housewares, home furnishings and much more! we offer associate discounts, flexible schedules, ongoing training, and the potential for advancement."
"often times, people think that all retail positions are the same... and for the most part, they may be right! but when it comes to the merchandise we sell, the people that work for us and the scheduling flexibility we offer, we are definitely different! our stores are very entrepreneurial and we have a unique approach to customer service, we are truly a retail phenomenon. as a cashier, you will be responsible for exceeding our customers’ evolving expectations by providing “best in class” customer service and a pleasant and fulfilling shopping experience. successful candidates will be given the opportunity to offer our customers the widest range of quality housewares, home furnishings and much more! we offer associate discounts, flexible schedules, ongoing training, and the potential for advancement.as a cashier you will work in a in a high paced environment and you must maintain a calm, professional demeanor while performing your duties in an accurate manner. the cashier is expected to deliver exceptional customer service and meet sales and productivity goals. key responsibilities:"
"often times, people think that all retail positions are the same... and for the most part, they may be right! but when it comes to the merchandise we sell, the people that work for us and the scheduling flexibility we offer, we are definitely different! our stores are very entrepreneurial and we have a unique approach to customer service, we are truly a retail phenomenon. please join us at this location. we will be interviewing during business hours without any appointments necessary. please apply on-line before arriving through bedbathandbeyond.com."
"oh my burger in gardena, ca is looking for two cashier to join our xx person strong team. we are located on xxxx w el segundo blvd. our ideal candidate is a self-starter, motivated, and reliable. responsibilities greet customers entering and leaving the business *maintain a clean and tidy work area *accurately process all cash and credit payments *provide exceptional customer service"
one (x) year of previous restaurant experience (required)
one free meal while you are on shift
not required
"operate a computerized cash register (rdt- retail data terminal). self serve machine, coffee, juice and soda machines."
"open xxx, must be able to work some holidays"
opening and closing conducts foh opening and closing tasks per standards as required.
opening available at our albany store for a receptionist/cashier. we are seeking an experienced receptionist to work in a fast paced environment. individual must be able to work a cash register and conduct cash and charge card transactions. will also be responsible for operating and directing calls through a multi-line auto-attendant phone system. other duties include supporting the it and accounting departments with opportunities for advancement.
"opening for an experienced cashier for a busy pizzeria. need to have experience working with a pos system, and general knowledge about operations of a fast casual restaurant. duties include handling customers orders via phone or walk in, some light food prep, and stocking supplies.please include availability when applying."
opening is for evenings & weekends. you must be available to work this shift.
opening mail/sorting payroll checks
"opens the guest to the kreation experience by suggesting upsells, add ons, samples, and kleanse programs"
operate a cash register
operate a lottery terminal
open to applicants who do not have a college diploma
"operate all aspects of the register, including cash and card transactions, scanners, and scales"
operate and maintain all equipment properly and safely to avoid injury and to protect the investments made by the company.
operate and maintain cash box and run credit card charges on terminal
operate and maintain food/drink/treat related equipment and registers properly and safely.
operate and sanitize all equipment in a safe and proper manner.
operate busy switchboard & communicate efficiently with all customer & internal teams
operate cash register
operate cash register accurately.
open to applicants who do not have a high school diploma/ged
"open to applicants under xx years old, provided it is legally allowed for the job and location"
one on one coaching from leaders
only candidates that attach cover letters and resumes will be considered.
one or more years cashier or related experience preferred.
one to two years of previous cashier/receptionist experience is preferred
one year certificate from college or technical school; or three to six months related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
"one year experience as a line cook or cashier preferred, but not required."
ongoing company-wide training
ongoing learner; exhibits insatiable curiosity and an interest in self improvement
ongoing training both online and classroom to help you grow
only apply if have lotto and cashier experience!
only works on-call
open on holidays
"open and close area following appropriate checklist, verifying completion with manager on duty prior to leaving the area"
open and close facilities as required.
open and close register
open and close the cash register daily without need for supervision
"open availability to work days, evenings and weekends."
"open availability, to include, evenings, weekends, and holidays"
open availability; dependable and punctual attendance
open interviews - monday - thursday xpm - xpm
offer an exemplary client experience at all times;
"offer all appropriate membership products such as membership renewal, easy renewal option, my bjs perks programs and awards redemption."
"of-xxx, https://www.opm.gov/forms/pdf fill/ofxxxx.pdf"
now hiring!
now hiring - hospitality team members
"now hiring at xxxx e madison st, seattle, wa xxxxx at pharmaca integrative pharmacy, we believe in providing customized shopping experiences, building relationships with our clientele and working collaboratively across all store functions. we proudly operate xx boutique drug stores across six different states and employ over xxx top tier practitioners, pharmacists and managers. our spa-like atmosphere proves to be an outstanding work environment and the occasion to share your knowledge others presents itself regularly."
now hiring for full-time cashiers
now hiring for part time cashiers
"now hiring hourly associates (full-time) for location: forest hills, queens (between xxst/continental avenue & austin street)"
now hiring part time!
maintain guest sensitivity at all times
now hiring!! xxxx us open cashier/line server/runner/grill cook/etc.!
november xxth xxam-xpm
now hiring:
now you know about us. we know about what makes you tick. what does it look like when we come together?
null additional info:
number of positions remaining
ny food handlers certificate is a plus
ny food protection license +plus
ny food safety certification a plus
"nyack, ny xxxxx (required)"
november xxthxxam-xpm
november xxstxpm-xpm
occupational health & safety
notifies a manager immediately if a guest or team member is injured or has a complaint.
note: additional responsibilities may be assigned as business needs dictate.
"note: applicants will preferably have a ""food protection"" certification."
"note: associates must be xx years or older to operate balers, hi-los, power jacks and slicing machines."
note: benefits vary depending on ft/pt status
"note: the purpose of this document is to provide a general summary of essential responsibilities for the position and is not meant as an exhaustive list. this document does not reflect all job duties or requirements for every position. requirements build as one progresses through the job levels, so any job duties required at a lower level may be required at the higher level in addition to the duties listed for that higher level. duties, assignments, and other responsibilities may differ for similar positions based on business conditions, departmental or geographic location, and/or needs for the particular position. an individual must demonstrate successful performance in their current position before being considered for promotion. in addition, in order to promote into a higher-level position, a business need for the promotion must exist and the candidate must be considered the most qualified person for the new position. completion of certain milestones such as obtaining an advanced degree or certification, time in current position, or developing skills to perform at the higher-level role do not guarantee a promotion."
notice to all applying:
"notice to applicant about this employer: you are applying for a job with an independently owned cooperative member of ace hardware corporation, who operates this ace hardware store, not ace hardware corporation. the independent store owner alone is responsible for and independently makes all decisions concerning employment related matters, including hiring, firing, discipline, supervision, staffing and scheduling. ace hardware corporation will not receive a copy of any applications submitted for this position, and will have no control over interviews and/or hiring decisions, does not control and is not responsible for the employment policies and practices of the independent store owner. if hired, the independent store owner will be your only employer. ace hardware corporation is not the employer for this position. the ace hardware trademarks, logos and designs are owned by ace hardware corporation and used by independent store owners under a license from ace hardware corporation. about [brickman's ace hardware] general summary"
"notice to applicant about this employer: you are applying for a job with an independently owned cooperative member of ace hardware corporation, who operates this ace hardware store, not ace hardware corporation. the independent store owner alone is responsible for and independently makes all decisions concerning employment related matters, including hiring, firing, discipline, supervision, staffing and scheduling. ace hardware corporation will not receive a copy of any applications submitted for this position, and will have no control over interviews and/or hiring decisions, does not control and is not responsible for the employment policies and practices of the independent store owner. if hired, the independent store owner will be your only employer. ace hardware corporation is not the employer for this position. the ace hardware trademarks, logos and designs are owned by ace hardware corporation and used by independent store owners under a license from ace hardware corporation. about spalding hardware co., inc"
notify customers when special orders or back-ordered items are received.
november xxst xpm-xpm
notify department manager of personnel situations or policy violations affecting store operating performance or of situations requiring disciplinary action or that may potentially require such action.
notify management of any suspicious people or situations
notify management promptly of any irregularities or discrepancies in the operating results of any applicable work shift if cash variations exceed $x.xx (or the level that has been established by management for your particular store or location).
notify team members of shortages or individual orders
maintain high level of proficiency and knowledge of all goods and services offered to guests.
notify the immediate supervisor of any errors in retail pricing or signage.
november xxnd xxam-xpm
november xxndxxam-xpm
nyc food handlers certificate
nys driver (preferred)
o attend all scheduled employee meetings and offers suggestions for improvement.
obtain a state of illinois approved food handler’s license – must be maintained per state mandates
observe all store rules and company policies observe shift operating hours at all times as scheduled or assigned by the store team leader.
"observe all store rules and company policies, shift operating hours at all times as scheduled or assigned by store manager."
observe relevant health and safety standards
observe security standards by staying alert and being aware of customer actions and behavior; report to manager or security any abnormal behavior.
"observe shift operating hours and forms at all times, as assigned by the store manager."
observes customer purchases in the cafe line and differentiates between standard portions.
observes customer traffic and calls for additional service as needed to provide efficient customer service.
"obsessed with client satisfaction, asking, “how can i exceed your expectations today?”"
"obtain accurate name, address and email capture of micro center customers"
o balance receipts and payments in cash registers.
obtain required license(s).
obtains and reviews information regarding price changes
occasionally climb heights and reach above shoulder level.
maintain guest sensitivity
occasionally move around the property by walking for extended periods of time
occasionally push carts weighing up to one hundred (xxx) pounds.
"occasionally required to climb or balance and stoop, kneel, or crouch."
"occasionally work in outdoor weather conditions with exposure to gasoline fumes, cleaning products and the elements."
"o wrap menu item such as sandwiches, hot entrees, and desserts for serving or for takeout."
"o we actively engage in philanthropic endeavors including our work for give kids the world village previous restaurant experience is helpful, but not necessary. well train you to prepare, serve or deliver home-style meals the boston market way. boston market corporation is an equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants are considered for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, disability, gender, sexual orientation, marital status or veteran status."
o teamwork – together we can achieve extraordinary things.
"o service – amaze our customers, our associates and our communities by delivering on our helpful promise."
"o brew coffee and tea, and fill containers with requested beverages."
o college partnerships
o coordinate with and assist fellow employees to meet guest's needs and support the operation of the restaurant.
o corporate discount programs
o daily pay opportunities
"o excellence– a disciplined approach to achieve outstanding results through continuous improvement. minimum skills, requirements and qualifications"
o fill-in for fellow employees where needed to ensure guest service standards and efficient operations
o integrity – an authentic commitment to moral and ethical behavior.
"o medical, dental, vision insurance (eligible after one-year anniversary)"
"o no late shifts, no early mornings our restaurants are typically open from x:xxam x:xxpm!"
"o passion – showing our love for the work we do, our customers, and our associates."
"o perform cleaning duties such as sweeping, mopping, and washing dishes, to keep equipment and facilities sanitary."
"o prepare bills for food, and accept payment or make change."
o replenish foods at serving stations.
o respect – the humble appreciation that every person is unique and valued.
"o scrub and polish counters, steam tables, and other equipment, and clean glasses, dishes, and fountain equipment."
"o serve food, beverages, or desserts to customers."
responsible for completing the end of day drop
responsibilities and duties
"welcoming customers, informing them about specials or new items, answering questions, and accepting orders and payments."
well more likely to pick you if:
well organized and detail oriented
wellness program
wellness program paid time off
wellness programs
wellness programs for employees and family members
"wellplated by charlie palmer is looking for energetic and outgoing people to join our team. cashiers constantly interact with our guests to provide a positive and memorable experience. as a cashier, you will:"
were looking for individuals who:
west l.a. at the beverly center
west point main store
"wetzel’s pretzels, home of mouth-watering soft pretzels baked fresh and served hot from the oven, invites you to join our team. we are looking for friendly and efficient cashiers to provide a warm greeting and serve our guests with a smile! if you have a people-first attitude and are hungry for a fresh opportunity, read on!"
"we’re a wood-fired, asian-inspired, quick-casual restaurant in the heart of the oak brook center. we deliver a unique dining experience for our most curious diners! our wood-fired butcher cut meats are inspired by the chinese regions and flavored with delicious sauces and sides."
"we’re fairly flexible with our seasonal temporary staff and will accommodate your availability as much as we are able. however, in order to be considered for this holiday season, you must be able to attend a mandatory training session on xx/xx, xx/x, or xx/x."
"we’re fairly flexible with our seasonal temporary staff and will accommodate your availability as much as we are able. however, in order to be considered for this round of hiring, you must be able to attend a mandatory training session on xx/x, xx/x, or xx/x."
we’re looking for (cashier/line cook):
we’re looking for (delivery team member):
"we’re looking for a cashier, to join our pharmacy team at our new location in westchester county. the cashier will directly interact with patients and customers, work with the pharmacist and rest of the pharmacy team in providing excellent patient care and customer service, playing a vital role in our workflow. the role presents a great opportunity to learn about pharmacy operations and grow with us. what you’ll (primarily) do:"
we’re looking for a server who wants to work at sushi restaurant in burbank. we need someone who’s willing to learn new stuff and very energetic.
we’re looking for people who can commit for a longer time. this is not a seasonal job.
well groomed and professional appearance
"welcoming customers, answering their questions. operating cash registers and online payments. ensuring every customer is happy when they leave. showing up to working on time.."
we’re looking for:
"welcoming customers, answering their questions, providing them with accurate information"
weekends are a must!
weekends required
weekly duties and responsibilities
weekly pay checks
weekly paychecks and paid holidays at xx pay for all hours worked
weekly paychecks and paid holidays at xx pay for all hours worked.
welcome and acknowledge all customers according to company standards; anticipate and address customers’ needs and thank customers with a genuine appreciation.
welcome and connect with every customer
welcome and connect with every customer every time
welcome customers in person every day.
"welcome customers, answering their questions pertaining to merchandise, help them locate items, and provide advice or recommendations. operate cash registers, lottery machine and other electronics. accept payments, ensuring all prices and quantities are accurate. execute merchandising tasks, including placement of merchandise, organize and replenish merchandise. maintain a clean workspace."
"welcome customers, provide assistance and respond to their concerns."
welcome guests into self-checkout and provide assistance as needed.
welcome our guests in a pleasant and engaging way.
"welcome to s&s petroleum inc. convenience stores and gas stations, where we do our best to provide quality products, low prices and excellent customer service and where ""our people make the difference""."
welcoming and helpful attitude toward guests and other team members
"welcoming customers, answering their questions, helping them locate items, and providing advice or recommendations."
"welcoming customers, answering their questions, helping them locate items."
"we’re looking for team members to become part of our popeyes family...people with skills and behaviors to create memorable experiences for our guests. what does this mean? it means we want people who are passionate about providing guests with the best experience possible. it means we want people who take food seriously yet have fun preparing and serving it. it means we need people who are committed to contributing to the collaborative spirit of the team and who are energized by the opportunity to learn, grow and explore their career potential."
"we’re looking, are you?"
weekend availability preferred.
what we require:
what we’re looking for:
what will i be doing?
what will i do?
what will my schedule look like?
what will you do?
what you bring to the job:
what you bring with you (qualifications):
what you can expect from us:
what you can expect:
what you need to succeed
what you will be doing:
what you will bring:
what you will do
what you will do:
what you will need to have:
what you will receive in return:
what you'll do
what you’ll be doing:
what you’ll do
what we're looking for (please consider carefully!)
what we prefer:
"we’re touchpoint support services and our mission is to serve up hospitality, for patients, their families and visitors at ascension health hospitals throughout the u.s. but our work isn’t just about cooking, serving, cleaning and transporting patients. we set the stage for healing with sparkling facilities, great food and service."
what we offer
we’ve got you covered…
what are the requirements for this job?
what are the x main duties for this job?
"what are we looking for? our team ensures each customer in our travel centers receives excellent customer service. our team achieves this by consistently delivering fast service, friendly smiles, and clean facilities to all of our customers. you could be our ideal candidate if you have:"
what b.good provides(benefits):
what do the shifts look like?
what else do you offer?
what else we offer…
what is a cooperative? learn more here.
what is the highest level of education you have completed?
what physical and environmental requirement you will need to have:
what skills/experience do i need?
what the job is:
what to expect:
what to wear
what we are looking for
what we are looking for:
what we bring:
what we can offer you:
weekend work only schedules available!
wednesday: xpm - x:xxpm
"we have full-time and part-time openings at xxxx marginal way seattle, wa xxxxx job summary:"
we might be a great match if:
"we need people that are able to multi task and think on their feet, while maintaining accuracy in order taking and managing payments. it is vital to understand the importance of the team and the willingness to jump in with all tasks as necessary."
we offer a comprehensive compensation and benefits package and all the tools you will need to be successful. our offerings include:
"we offer a flexible schedule, employee discounts, and an opportunity to grow and advance in the company."
"we offer a great hourly rate, weekly pay ! uniforms and shoes, free parking, a great employee meal!"
"we offer a great hourly rate,weekly pay, free parking on campus, and offer a great employee meal! interviews start soon!"
we offer a pleasant work environment with nice employees to work with.
we offer a structured career development program for you to grow!
we offer both full-time & part-time positions
"we offer competitive wages, paid vacation, paid sick and a rich benefits package. interested applicants should apply below or complete an application on-line at www.ccurr.com"
"we offer continued growth opportunities for employees that have talent, energy and ambition to succeed."
"we offer fantastic health and wellness benefit options that include but not limited to medical, hsa, a rewarding wellness program, dental, vision, fsa, commuter benefits, eap, free meal each day, free pair of safety shoes at time of hire, and much more. guckenheimer's own learning management system at your fingertips and a yearly tuition reimbursement program will enable you to enhance your career development in your new and exciting position with guckenheimer! we encourage you to apply to our cashier opportunity and bring your knowledge and passion of high quality food and customer service to our culinary program. position summary:"
"we offer great benefits beginning with a full complement of medical and other traditional group health plan coverage, ira plan, and a xx% discount to all of our store locations for all full time employees."
"we offer great benefits, pay, vacation/sick time, etc!"
we offer our teammates:
"we offer our teams a place where we take care of you, your family and your community!"
"we offer paid breaks and lunches, complementary food,"
"we offer paid breaks and lunches, complementary food, flexible scheduling for all employees and performance based raises. employment retention for our company is very high as we strive to respect the individuals who work to make our business so successful."
we offer paid training
"we offer part-time and full-time positions for our cashiers and drivers. cashiers are trained to provide the best in customer service, proper cash handling, store merchandising tasks, and much more."
we might be a great match if: working in a fun and energetic environment makes you excited…. we work efficiently and as a team to deliver for our guests
we make it easy!
"we open at x:xxam and close as late as xx:xxpm, depending on the store. all shifts have many responsibilities, such as stocking product, cleaning (inside and outside, including shoveling snow), keeping the coffee fresh and full, and most importantly, providing excellent customer service. some light cooking will also be required at times."
we make it easy to translate military experience and skills! click here at https://cgi-veterans.jobs/ to be directed to our site that is dedicated to veterans and transitioning service members.
"we have many exciting and rewarding career opportunities for leaders who share the belief that innovation, commitment to excellence and uncompromising quality is critical to success. if you're seeking grand inspiration, come join our dynamic team."
"we have one cashier position and one car wash position available in elmhurst, il. opening hourly rate at $xx+ based on experience with benefits!"
we have openings for a full-time and part-time cashier position.
we have openings for a full-time cashier position.
we have openings for a full-time food service worker position.
we have openings for a part-time cashier positions.
we have openings for full & part-time cashier positions.
we have openings for several full & part-time cashier/food service worker positions.
"we have part-time cashier, administrative assistant and business development rep position available."
we have several openings for a temporary cashier/food service worker position.
we have several openings for full-time and part-time cashier/food service worker positions.
we have several openings for full-time cashier positions.
we have several openings for part-time food service worker/ cashier positions.
we have several openings for part-time food service worker/cashier positions.
"we hold interviews everyday monday-thursday at xx am, to schedule you can send me an email or call me at xxxxxxxxxx"
"we installed state-of-the-art wine machines so you can enjoy twelve wines at the peak of freshness, at the perfect temperature, from beautiful wine glasses, every time you shop. each month the selections change, so swing by to see what's new."
we look forward to hearing from you!
we look forward to hearing from you.
we look forward to meeting you. you will be given an on- the -spot interview and work interview opportunity.
we offer some great perks!
we pay every friday.
wednesday (required)
"we work to ensure that each customer that shops with us has a unique experience. as a cashier at floor & decor, your love for the product and great service will help create a seamless checkout experience for our customers."
"we would love to welcome you to our team! this position will be roughly xx hours per week, but that time could increase as needed. available shifts and compensation: available shifts all days except mondays. compensation is $xx.xx - $xx.xx/hour. about small batch barbecue: premium quality, slow-smoked meats we take pride in the quality and preparation of the meat used for each and every dish. if it’s not perfect and smoked just the right amount we won’t serve it. learn more about us at https://smallbatchq.com. by applying to this job, you agree to receive a text message with a link to your profile as well as a text message when an employer has responded to your application."
"we're a new fast-casual restaurant and are looking for a dedicated part time crew member. we have night shifts and lunch shifts available for this position. consistent schedules are available to make this job convenient in case you have school, other jobs, or busy lives. we have an awesome location in downtown chicago near the art institute, many loop college campuses, and every 'el' line. we take an innovative approach in everything we do, whether it's our chef-driven menu at affordable price points or our innovative wok line that you'd be cooking on during lunchtime. we're a passionate team and excited to build something special with you. we marinate and grill our meats, mix our sauces, and chop our colorful vegetables bright and early everyday! consistent shifts are available. we're looking for people who:"
"we're actively hiring customer service enthusiasts to serve as our store cashiers and liaisons. pharmaca’s cs team members are the first faces our customers see and it’s our goal to provide outstanding and unique shopping experiences to every client that walks through our doors. as a customer service cashier, you’ll gain experience in retail merchandising, expand on store operation skills and grow your natural-product knowledge base. we operate under the philosophy of being one team – this means you’ll interact with acupuncturists, estheticians, pharmacists and more. our cs team members are can-doers and problem solvers with the brightest dispositions around!"
"we're aldi, one of america's favorite grocers. we've grown a lot in the past few years, expanding our reach and customer base all around the country. whether it's in customer service or our exceptional products, we owe our success to the efficiencies we create in every corner of our company and the people at each level who make that happen."
we're hiring on the spot!!
we're hiring!
we're looking for a anergy and friendly personal with good skills on customer and fast food experience.
"we're looking for a fun, up-beat, efficient, hard working employee to join our team!"
"we're looking for an experienced barista to be part of our growing program and team. as a barista, you will deliver the highest quality coffee while providing a welcoming vibe. ideal candidates possess outstanding customer service skills, are detail-oriented, passionate about coffee and have at least one year specialty coffee experience."
"we're looking for cashiers for our culver city location! the cashier is a key team member that works in the front on the store. please be enthusiastic, and have great people and customer service skills (smiling is encouraged)."
"we're looking for passionate and eager individuals who are excited to learn. you do not need to know everything to apply, we are committed to teaching you!"
"we're looking to add a hard working, reliable person who takes pride in their work and understands how much each customer means to a business! we also look for applicants who want to grow professionally with our company. does that sound like you? we have opening for a part-time cashier to join our team! working at dash’s market in a part time position offers many amazing benefits:"
we're looking to an exceptional full time cashier/barista to our already amazing team. the position: barista and cashier / full time
we're seeking high-energy individuals willing to deliver best-in-class customer service to our guests this holiday season. prior experience using cash register/pos is preferred. we offer flexible hours and the ability to stay on the team after the season ends. generous team member discounts. must be xx+ to apply.
"we've grown quite a bit since the hippie era that gave us our start - we are now a multi-million dollar grocery store with two locations, our first store in santa monica and our second in culver city."
wear required store uniform
website: https://www.doughzonedumplinghouse.com/
wedgwood broiler is currently seeking a cashier/host to join our team
wednesday (preferred)
"we would love to meet you! buybuybaby xxxxx southcenter parkway tukwila, wa on the spot interviews- quick hiring decisions!!! as a cashier you will work in a in a high paced environment and you must maintain a calm, professional demeanor while performing your duties in an accurate manner."
we will love you
we pay minimum wage
"we will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the city of los angeles’ fair chance initiative for hiring ordinance."
"we pay weekly, provide an employee meal, training and great work environment."
we prefer people with experience .no experience need.
"we pride ourselves in creating the best usc experience, and that begins with our employees! we offer a wide variety of benefits and programs that support our staff and their families including:"
"we provide a wealth of opportunity whether it is a first job or a lifelong profession. in addition, we offer career advancement as well as rewarding challenges in a fast-paced and fun environment. you also get to enjoy benefits like competitive pay packages, lucrative bonus opportunities, fantastic employee discounts, flexible schedules, continuous hands-on training and learning programs. please apply with your resume and indicate the state, city, position and salary expectations in a cover letter."
"we provide a wealth of opportunity whether it is a first job or a lifelong profession. in addition, we offer career advancement as well as rewarding challenges in a fast-paced and fun environment. you also get to enjoy benefits like competitive pay packages, lucrative bonus opportunities, fantastic employee discounts, flexible schedules, continuous hands-on training and learning programs. please apply with your resume and salary expectations."
"we provide the communities we serve with fresh, high-quality food, exceptional responsiveness and intensely personal service. we are committed to creating the most enduring relationships in the industry by what we do and how we do it, which is achieved through an unwavering commitment to our values:"
"we reserve the right to re-open, re-advertise, delay or cancel filling this position. this recruitment may be used to fill future vacancies."
"we strive to make each of our customer’s shopping experience a pleasant and unique one. joining our team is not only about joining a company, but rather becoming part of uncle giuseppe’s family where we believe that all families deserve nothing but the very best. our company supports team member growth and a satisfying workplace. we believe in a balance between work and personal time. we are committed to our communities and providing our customers with the tastiest food that’s made with traditional old-fashioned italian recipes, and using the highest quality ingredients available."
we strongly prefer a candidate who is close or easy commute to our cafe. please check our location.*question sent to candidates that match your job requirements
"we support local organic farmers and growers; we partner with suppliers who share our concerns, values, and help build our communities by listening and learning together. we recycle, reuse and minimize waste as much as possible, and act in ways that protect the resources of our planet."
"we try our best to work around school schedules and other important responsibilities that you have. because we are a small company, we value every employee and try to help anyone who works hard and is dependable, succeed in attaining their long term goals."
we use e-verify let’s create something amazing together! apply today!
"we value the depth and quality of your experience, rather than the quantity."
"we value the diversity of our employees, franchisees, guests and suppliers by demonstrating respect for the individual and providing a meaningful, inclusive team environment where everyone has an equal opportunity to be successful and productive."
we want to get to know you!
we want you because:
we want you to work for global and be part of our growing company. where does your future lie and how can we help you get there? now is your time to join our team! apply now!
"we will attempt to offer consecutive days off and accommodate special scheduling requests, but we cannot guarantee that we will be able to satisfy all requests. we expect employees to arrive promptly."
"we will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the city of los angeles' fair chance initiative for hiring ordinance."
what you’ll do :
what you’ll gain
what you’ll need:
work effectively as a team with your co-workers skills:
work effectively in a fast paced environment.
work efficiently to minimize guest wait time while maintaining guest service and accuracy.
work efficiently with other team members
work efficiently with the ticketing system to sell product.
work environment
work environment & conditions:
"work environment this job operates in a retail business environment. this role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines."
work environment/physical responsibilities
work experience
work experience:
"work for a growing company with a personal touch. leadership is visible, approachable and shows that they care about their teams. quest allows you to become an integral part of the local community, in an environment where you are listened to, supported and work-life balance and consistent scheduling is a priority. you are not just a number at quest."
"work for a growing company with a personal touch. leadership is visible, approachable and shows that they care about their teams. quest allows you to become an integral part of the local community, in an environment where you are listened to, supported and work-life balance is a priority. you are not just a number at quest."
work hours:
work hours: full-time and part-time hours are available
"work in a confined, crowded space of variable noise and temperature levels"
work in a cooler and freezer.
work in a fast and independent manner
work in a positive environment where you’ll feel like you’re a part of a family
work effectively as a team with your area manager and co-workers
work counter and cash drawer
"work in all departments to ensure sales floor is full, zoned and in stock for guests"
work cooperatively with the sales and other internal teams
"with the exception of scheduled legal rest and meal breaks, remain visible to tenants and guests to greet and provide information to guests."
"with the right attitude, personality, and desire to delight our guests, you will be trained and set up for success. at hamra enterprises, “success” means moving our business and our communities forward. we actively engage in philanthropic endeavors including our work with boston children’s hospital, make-a-wish il, the dave thomas foundation for adoption, and children’s miracle network."
"with this in mind, we foster a family environment built on values that describe our lifestyle, experiences and how we see the world. when you have a tribe such as ours and place it in and around the collection of accommodations, restaurants, nightlife, retail and gaming, you create a force that cannot be replicated by anyone else. we are an equal opportunity employer."
"within xx miles of glendale, ca xxxxx"
"wolberg currently employs xx people, with an average tenure of over xx years. founded in xxxx, wolberg electrical supply company has four locations in albany, kingston, saratoga, and schenectady."
"woodstock, ny xxxxx (required)"
work and thrive in a team work environment
work as a cashier
work as a cashier and process sales transactions
work as a member of a team.
work as a team player and help wherever help is needed
work as a team player with a commitment to outstanding customer service
"work as a “team” member to assure constant and consistent quality, service, cleanliness and value to each customer."
work at special events as and when needed
work both independently and with a team
work closely with a highly motivated and driven owner/operator who is personally vested in your success.
"work closely with store managers, assistant store managers, and front end managers to ensure the success of the restaurant."
work collaboratively with fellow employees and managers and recognize teamwork and diversity throughout the store to resolve conflicts respectfully and in a timely manner.
work cooperatively with others.
work in a very busy (sometimes chaotic) environment
"work in all departments to ensure sales floor is full, zonedand in stock for guests"
what's in it for you?
"work together as a team, assisting other crewmembers in completion of tasks and assignments to ensure continuity of service"
work under thesupervision of a manager and must rely on instructions.
"work varied shifts between x:xx am and x:xx am in a xx/x operation; including night, weekends and holidays."
work well with others
work well with others and assist fellow team members as needed. physical demands the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by a team member to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.
work with leaders who care about you professionally and personally
work with passion to achieve excellence
"work with the team to ensure the sale’s floor stays ""runway ready"" through re-merchandising and straightening throughout the day"
work with your friends or make new ones – special refer-a-friend bonus program
work with your team to prepare the restaurant for each shift
working a register
working alone and with a team
"working at jcpenney means joining a dedicated team of associates who are encouraged to be uniquely themselves in a safe, caring and welcoming environment. it is a place where careers prosper, accomplishments are celebrated and diversity flourishes. it’s a place that’s meant for you."
working conditions
working conditions:
working conditions: reasonable accommodations have been made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions. work generally occurs in an office environment with moderate temperature and noise level.
"working days: monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday, friday, saturday"
working environment / minimum physical requirements
working experience in retail cashier or sales
working in a fun and energetic environment makes you excited… we work efficiently and as a team to deliver for our guests
work under pressure and at a fast pace
work together as a team to achieve efficient operations.
work in both warm and cool environments
"work today, get paid tomorrow program"
work in collaboration to prepare take out and catering orders in a timely fashion
"work in high-performance teams in multiple areas: front counter register, dining room, curbside delivery, and mobile pick-up"
work in varying weather conditions for performance of outdoor duties.
work involves continuous interaction with guests and co-workers in a fast-paced environment
"work is performed both indoors and outdoors. employees are subject to environmental conditions including extreme heat and cold weather. protection from weather conditions may be provided, but not necessarily from temperature changes. reef technology is an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. we don't discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status."
work location: front of house
work location: one location
"work long hours, including nights, weekends and holidays."
work needed:
work overtime when required.
"work requires the following motions: bending, twisting, squatting and reaching."
work safely xxx% of the time while following all policies and procedures set in the safety manual.
work schedule
"work schedule and conditions: we are in the business of providing a quality product and experience for our guests. traditionally our busy periods are during weekends and holiday periods which you will be expected to work. you can also expect to be asked to work extra hours or days on occasion, especially during the holiday periods."
"work schedule and conditions: we are in the business of providing a quality product and experience for our guests. traditionally our busy periods are during weekends and holiday periods which you will be expected to work. you can also expect to be asked to work extra hours or days on occasion, especially during the holiday periods. we will attempt to offer consecutive days off and accommodate special scheduling requests, but we cannot guarantee that we will be able to satisfy all requests. we expect employees to arrive promptly."
work schedule flexibility is also a must – ability to work a variety of shifts
"work schedule: mon, tues, thurs x-xpm; sat xam-xpm"
work schedule: monday - friday x:xxam - x:xxpm high school graduate or equivalent.
"work schedule: pt position, two weekdays, saturdays and sundays, x:xx a.m.– x:xx p.m. additional per diem days available or some evenings, as needed."
with popeyes you can bring it all to the table. we’re more than just great fast food- we’re about loving what you do and sharing that genuine restaurant hospitality with everyone who walks in the door.
"with nearly x,xxx locations, primarily in the northeast, global is one of the largest independent owners, suppliers and operators of gasoline stations and convenience stores. our convenient stores are comprised of: alltown, mr. mike's, xtramart, on the run and fast freddie's. global is a publicly traded master limited partnership that is a midstream logistics and marketing company that owns, controls, or has access to one of the largest terminal networks of petroleum products and renewable fuels in the northeast. global also is one of the largest distributors of gasoline, distillates, residual oil and renewable fuels to wholesalers, retailers and commercial customers in new england and new york."
"wingstop, a quick service restaurant, is looking for an experienced cashier . fast food experience welcomed. we are looking for individuals who are hard working, with a passion to learn and desire to be part of a unique franchise. must be available to close and work weekends!"
"while our members know us for helping them save up to xx% off grocery prices every day, our team members love us for providing a supportive and engaging workplace that’s committed to developing great talent."
while performing the duties of this job the employee will regularly be required to:
"while performing the duties of this job, the associate is regularly required to stand, walk, use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls, reach with hands and arms, and talk or hear."
"while performing the duties of this job, the associate is regularly required to talk or hear. the associate is also regularly required to stand, walk, sit, and use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools or controls. the associate is occasionally required to reach with hands and arms, and to sit, climb or balance, and stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl."
"while performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to stand; walk; sit; use hands; reach with hands and arms and talk"
"while performing the duties of this job, the employee is primarily in a controlled, temperate environment; however, may be exposed to heat/cold during support of outside activities."
"while performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, stand, and use the hands to handle, finger, or feel objects, tools or controls."
"while performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls and reach with hands and arms. the employee is occasionally required to walk and sit. specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision."
"while performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand."
"while performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk and hear. this position is very active and requires standing, walking, bending, kneeling, stooping, crouching, crawling and climbing all day. the employee must frequently lift and/or move items that weigh more than xx pounds. specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus."
"while performing the duties of this position, the employee is regularly required to talk, read and hear in english. the employee frequently is required to use hands or fingers, handle, or feel objects, tools or controls. the employee is required to stand for prolonged periods; walk; sit; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; stoop, and crouch."
while training: monday through friday - xxam to xpm (x hours)
whisk away deliciously correct orders from the cafe to our hungry customers
"white plains, ny (required)"
who are we?
who likes to interact with customers on daily basis.
who we need: you!... if you are:
who we’re looking for….
who you’ll work for
wholesome food
"while performing the duties of the job, the employee is regularly exposed to the risk of fumes. the use of solvents and industrial degreasers are required regularly to clean equipment, tools and floors; the fumes occur when cleaning."
which shifts are you available to work?
wingstop is not fast food; our wings are made with care and served up piping hot. every order is made fresh when you order it; nothing sits under a heat lamp. in addition to hot fresh wings our sides are homemade. fresh cut seasoned fries are cut daily in every restaurant from idaho potatoes. if you haven’t tried any of our sides you are missing out! cashier
"where: xxxx sherman ave. evanston, il xxxxx"
what's the compensation for this job?
whats in it for you:
whats in it for you? o discounted meals while youre on the clock
what’s in it for you:
when are you available for an interview or phone screen? please list x-x dates and times or ranges of times.
when closing wash all stainless steel utensils used during the shift and plastic shakers and clean all the equipments
when giving guest their order please repeat the order and show them their meal
when in the dining area greet and assist guests
"when necessary places wet floor signs, floor mats, and uses cleaning chemicals properly"
"when necessary, bag groceries and gather shopping carts."
"when she opened the first kreation juicery, marjan was cold pressing juices from her garage. now, with over xx stores throughout the los angeles area, kreation continues to set the standard for cold pressed juice in socal. celebrities flock to kreation for its commitment to serving delicious meals, juices, and smoothies from scratch using locally sourced organic produce."
"when you join our organization, you'll enjoy comprehensive training, competitive compensation, and unparalleled benefits. simply put, you'll experience the best that a career in the automotive industry has to offer. the above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed by people assigned to this work. this is not an exhaustive list of all duties and responsibilities. we reserve the right to amend and change responsibilities to meet business and organizational needs as necessary. we are an equal opportunity employer and a drug free workplace. we would really like to hear from you!"
"when you join panera llc as a restaurant associate – cashier, you join in our belief that food should not only taste good, but also be good for you. you will be a part of something special where you will have the opportunity to connect with our amazing customers, impact our growing business, and most importantly serve local communities across the country."
"when you step inside of santa monica seafood company, you’re surrounded by the highest quality fresh fish and seafood products, fresh ingredients and delicious dishes. we’re here to create amazing experiences for people, whether they’re a guest in our restaurants or part of our amazing team."
"when you step inside of the cheesecake factory, you’re surrounded by the best of everything: fresh ingredients, delicious dishes, and incredible people. we’re here to create memorable experiences, whether it’s for a guest in our restaurants or our amazing staff."
"when: wednesday, december xth"
where is the job located?
where you live (we prefer near wla)
where you've worked before:
why amerivents?
why are you interested in joining the blazing bagels team?
why should i apply?
why sprouts
willing to take a fitness for duties test (medical/drug screen)
willing to work as a team. ability to work at a fast pace. required experience in position applied for. hiring for full and part time.
willing to work in all areas of accounting clerical work
willingly accept and comply with company grooming and appearance standards
willingness and ability to learn about our products
willingness to adapt to a changing and growing environment
"willingness to be flexible, work multiple facility locations."
willingness to be open to learning and growing.
willingness to be open to learning andgrowing.
"willingness to jump in and help with all tasks including: cooking, food prep, plating, etc."
willingness to learn additional responsibilities to assist your team
willingness to learn and grow
willingness to learn and strive for growth within the company
willingness to learn multiple tasks.
willingness to learn new things and do whatever it takes to get the job done
"willingness to work as part of a high-energy, efficient team in a fast-paced environment."
"willingness to work in the elements – heat, wind, snow, rain, etc."
"windy city-fox motorsports is a growing organization setting the pace in the motorcycle industry. with xx dealership locations in chicagoland and southern wisconsin, we are a company by riders for riders. we are committed to delivering exceptional experiences to our employees, our customers, and our communities."
wine/liquor knowledge for a year is must
willing to learn about products and customer service skills
willing to followinstructions and ask questions for clarification if needed.
willing to educate guests and sell products and services
will be required to spend the majority of time on his or her feet and stand or walk without a break for up to x hours
why utilize skills for chicagoland’s future as one of your job search sources?
why we do what we do
why work for burdick toyota?
"wilco has been named as one of the top work places in oregon and sw washington by the oregonian in xxxx, xxxx, xxxx, xxxx, xxxx, xxxx and xxxx. we are dedicated to our team, and attribute this distinction to them. wilco is an equal opportunity employer."
will answer the phone and fill orders
will assist customers when needed. will multi-task as necessary without compromising customer service.
"will attend store meetings, complete training, and attend clinics to gain a strong knowledge of the products and policies surrounding the company’s warranty program to answer customer questions. will explain the benefits of the north face product and services."
will be proud to serve food that honors the body and planet
"will be slicing cold cuts, making sandwiches, cooking breakfast, stocking shelves, operating register and keeping a clean store. must have a great attitude and good attendance"
willing and able to learn
"will frequently reach, bend, stoop, carry, and key in data"
will help clean and stock the store
will perform other tasks as assigned.
will remain in seated position for extended periods of time working conditions:
will start off as food prep and cashier with opportunity to opening and closing responsibilities.
"will train the right candidates, must be able to work weekends and nights."
will use a company vehicle to deliver in a x mile radius
will you…protect this house?!
we have full-time and part-time openings for a cashier/food service worker position.
"we have full-time and part-time openings at xxxx e marginal way s tukwila, wa xxxxx job summary:"
"working in as part of a fun, high-energy team."
"variety of duties to maintain upkeep of store, during your shift."
"varying schedule to include evenings, holidays, weekends and extended hours as business dictates."
vehicle purchase discounts
vehicle type:
venice beach off pacific & windward ave
"venice, ca (required)"
verbally communicate with others.
"verbally introduce menu items, assist customers in making decisions and in upselling items."
verifiable work experience in restaurant environment required.
"verifies employee discounts, returns, exchanges, and voids, with the assistance of the manager or shift lead"
verifies log of shift transactions against bank of “revenue” on hand.
verifies merchandise to avoid mismatches
"verifies reservations, if required, before seating guests."
verify all customer ids presented and observe store policies pertaining to the acceptance of checks and the sale of alcoholic beverages.
verify and balance cash drawer by counting cash at beginning & end of work shift (under supervision of a manager or supervisor)
"verify and document daily balance of cash register drawer, coupons, tickets, credit cards, customer/fleet charges, checks, re-washes and supplies"
verify and process vault buys for gaming funds or fills.
verify any discrepancies in the lockbox vendor receipts and applications and take appropriate action to correct.
verify customer identification and adhere to all minor policies
verify i.d. on all customers ordering alcohol.
variety of health and related benefits
vapor and smoke product knowledge must required.
verify stock and restock shelves as needed
values teamwork
utilizes web to store and store to home and other integrated retail processes as methods to enhance the member's shopping experience
utilizing available resources to assist customers in the best way possible.
"uw medicine is committed to being a drug-free workplace. we require a pre-employment drug screen. the use of marijuana for medical purposes accompanied by a prescription, even if permitted by state law, will not be considered acceptable for purposes of explaining a positive lab test result for marijuana. committed to attracting and retaining a diverse staff, the university of washington will honor your experiences, perspectives and unique identity. together, our community strives to create and maintain working and learning environments that are inclusive, equitable and welcoming."
vacancies exist in the commercial services department for the entry level position of cashier.
"vacation, personal, and sick time"
vacation/sick/holiday pay
vacuum and preform clean up duties at the end of the day job qualifications:
"vacuum, sweep floors and empty all trash each day if required."
"valatie: xxxx us route x, valatie, ny xxxxx"
valet experience is required
valet: x year (required)
valid driver's license and a good driving record
valid drivers license required previous experience working for a parking operator is preferred
valid driver’s license and clean driving record
valid food handlers card (if required by county) brand: polly's pies
valid food handlers certificate
value collaboration and acting as a team player
value diversity
value employees
verify shift transactions against money on hand and complete cashier shift report.
"verify that the fee matches the type of application submitted, and deposit the moneys into a bank designated by dos."
utilizes store systems efficiently and accurately
waba grill is quickly growing and there is opportunity for advancement if desired.
"waba grill long beach (xxxx downey ave, long beach, ca xxxxx)"
"waba grill makes clean eating accessible for guests looking for healthier options on-the-go. our meals use only high-quality ingredients to create a grilled fusion experience that’s above and beyond a typical fast food restaurant. we steam our veggies to perfection and expertly charbroil our lean meats without ever touching a fryer. at waba grill, we aim to serve fresh and healthy entrees, prepared to order."
wage & benefits
"wage depend on experience. (no experience necessary but preferably some experience in a food industry) we open x days a week, millet crepe is a crepe take out cafe, no serving for customers."
wage: $xx-xx.x/h with further room to grow
wage: $xx.xx / hr.
wages - $xx + tips.
"waiter/waitress responsibilities include greeting and serving customers, providing detailed information on menus, multi-tasking various front-of-the-house duties and collecting the bill. ... ultimately, it is the duty of our waiters/waitresses to provide an excellent overall dining experience for our guests."
walk around the store to ensure all displays are full and all areas are clean and accessible
walk in monday - friday xx noon to xpm
walk the produce department to facilitate product identification; be aware of new products and their placement.
"walk, bend down repeatedly, and be on feet for x-xx hours a day"
"walk, move, traverse- the person in this position must have the ability to stand up to xx hours, move about the restaurant to access the dining room, prep area, restrooms, and dumpster area."
walk-ins welcome. please provide resume.
walking: walking a moderate distance (<x/x mile).
want an opportunity to join the indi chocolate team?
"want more? we encourage our people to reach their full potential by offering exciting opportunities and great incentives for growth. after all, our company’s magic stems directly from the talent and drive of our people. the possibilities are endless."
want to hear something crazy? cars only spend x% of their time driving. where do they spend the other xx%? parked!
wantagh hand wash- cashier
"waba grill long beach (xxxx atlantic blvd, long beach, ca xxxxx)"
"waba grill is a quick service restaurant franchise that specializes in teriyaki items. we pride ourselves in providing healthy and fresh food made to order. for more information about who we are, you can visit www.wabagrill.com"
verify the amount of money provided in the cash drawer at the beginning of his/her shift
waba grill hiring cooks and cashiers – long beach (downey ave)
verify the necessary supplies at the start of each shift
"versed in the benefits of shop your way, credit and leasing, warranty and protection plans"
"verve is looking for positive and energetic folks with amazing service skills and a strong desire to learn about coffee. we're expanding throughout the la area, so there are very real opportunities for advancement. verve has an extensive paid training program and we're happy to train the right people. key responsibilities"
very punctual
"vestal, ny xxxxx"
vf corporation is an equal opportunity employer. eoe/aa/m/f/vet/disability
"victor chevrolet & victor chrysler dodge jeep ram is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law."
victor chevrolet & victor chrysler dodge jeep ram is hiring a billing clerk/cashier to join our busy team.
vietnamese (preferred)
vision plan
vision: see in the normal visual range with or without correction.
"visionaries at the forefront of hospitality, cuisine, design, residences and entertainment, our lifestyle moments are forged with highly-curated and passionate service."
visit basiljobs.com for more career opportunities in wny!
"visit tables after food delivery to ensure guests have everything they need (refills, condiments, etc) and that their experience has been perfect"
visual acuity (x-xx hours viewing computer or pos)
void immediate
"voids passes, coupons, and discount tickets after the transaction has finished."
"voluntary coverage such as short-term disability, hospital indemnity, accident, and critical illness"
waba grill hiring cooks and cashiers – long beach (atlantic blvd)
utilizes the sunglass hut experience tools to consistently deliver sales plan and company objectives.
utilizes customer paging system when business dictates and as applicable.
"we have full-time and part-time openings at seattle university - xxxx e james way seattle, wa xxxxx job summary:"
united healthcare coverage (to tm’s working xx+ hrs/week)
united states (preferred)
united states (required)
university book store is now hiring buyback staff!
university book store is now hiring cashiers for holiday and winter rush!
university book store is proud to be the largest supplier of officially-licensed husky gear. we're looking for an upbeat people-person to join our team! this is a fulltime position with a set schedule where you will provide great customer service to our fans.
unload and break down the deliveries
unpack boxes and price sticker merchandise
"unpack, hang/fold merchandise, and secure security tags when needed"
unwavering protection of the safety of product above all other job priorities.
up selling with easy add-ons at the cash wrap
up to x months
"up-sell in-store promotions, when applicable"
up-selling and suggestive selling of items.
upbeat attitude and motivated
upbeat music while you work
update telephone directory
updated jan. xxxx page x* of x*
updates box office marquees and displays.
"updating displays, cases, and other customer-facing areas to ensure new items and promotions are showcased."
united states
union/bargaining unit message to applicants
uphold company standards for merchandise presentation of the best apparel and equipment brands in sporting goods
"union market is looking to hire cashiers! must have at least x year of consistent, recent food service or customer service cashiering experience."
understandable speech
understanding and knowledge of basic mathematics.
understanding of and compliance with wfm quality goals.
understanding of basic accounting principles (debits and credits)
understanding of basic computer system operations
understanding of sanitation standards
"understands and adheres to all quality standards, formulas and procedures as outlined in the subway® operations manual."
"understands and adheres to proper food handling, safety and sanitation standards during food preparation, service and clean up."
understands and communicates all store promotions to customers
understands and complies with food safety and temperature standards.
understands and follows all food safety requirements
understands and follows all work safety requirements
understands and follows sodexo cash-handling policies and procedures.
understands and follows sodexocash-handling policies and procedures.
understands and knows the hospital fire and disaster plans.
"understands and knows the importance of proper food temperatures and practices food safety precautions. demonstrates frequent hand washing, especially after handling money."
understands that schedules are subject to change.
understands the importance of quality guest service.
"understands the loss prevention awareness program, the shortage highway, the store protection specialist (sps) position (where applicable), and merchandise protection standards."
updating signage and displays to attract customers.
uphold golf galaxy’s standards for merchandise presentation- make it look good!
utilize training resources and fellow team members to educate self and others about product uses and characteristics
"use hands/fingers to handle or feel operate, activate, use, prepare, inspect, place, detect, position. may use a register, slicer, knives, scissors, other machinery, and a computer."
use impark parking systems to conduct customer transactions
use multiple software systems to perform shipping and delivery transactions as well as inventory functions
"use of tools and equipment, including box cutters"
use our standard recipe for preparing all products. do not rely on the memory of yourself or other employees.
"use pos system, calculator and phone."
use sales techniques to present and encourage current promotions to guests
use tact and good judgement when dealing with guest challenges and respond to guest needs with patience and courtesy
use the p.a. system effectively to promote advertised goods.
"uses approved food recipes and production standards to ensure proper quality, serving temperatures and standard portion control."
uses point of sale system/cash register to record the order and compute the amount of the bill. collects payment from guests and makes change.
uses proper tares procedures when ringing up scalable items.
uses retail selling skills and suggestive selling.
using a calculator
"using a cash register to cash out customers. daily cleaning, stocking, pricing of merchandise. rotating stock in coolers and on shelves. these are some, but not all the duties of a cashier."
using point-of-sale register system
utilize and maintain equipment as required by department; report any equipment problems immediately.
utilize etiquette and professionalism during all customer interactions– phone or in person.
utilize proper procedures and documentation for transactions.
utilize the pos and credit card system
"use household cleaners to maintain work area (i.e., waxes, glass cleaner, etc.)."
"use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls."
"uphold ralph lauren’s company standards, procedures and protocol."
"use good eye contact and body language, displaying a friendly and outgoing attitude."
upholds government regulations concerning sale of alcoholic beverages and taxation.
upholds the security and confidentiality of documents and data within area of responsibility.
"upper east side, manhattan, new york, ny (required)"
"upsell - sell a pastry, coffee beverage, or grab and go item before ringing up a customer"
upsell by suggesting additional items at the point of purchase
upsell to customers.
"urban plates llc is an equal opportunity employer. we will consider applicants for this position without regard to any category protected by applicable federal, state or local law, including but not limited to: race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age physical or mental disability, genetic-information, veteran status or uniformed servicemember status."
"urdu,hindi (preferred)"
"urgent, proactive demeanor"
usc has great minds that transform the world with their talents and research. will you be one? join us!
use a meat slicer and knives
use a pos to accept payment for food/beverage purchases
use a slicing machine and related equipment where applicable.
use and maintain equipment in good working order and report any problems or malfunctions immediately to your supervisor.
use blades for box cutting.
"use close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus."
use correct pricing as listed in the price-book for all merchandise.
"use databases, intranet, and sharepojnt sites to review delinquent checks, submit daily deposits, report shortages of overages, and other required reports."
use electronic/manual ordering and cashiering system to place orders
"wantagh, ny"
"wash counters, tables, restrooms, trash receptacles, gather trash and remove from dining/service areas to proper receptacle, sweep, mop, stock and other cleaning tasks. occasional need to be out of building (i.e., parking lot, freezer, trash container areas, etc.) for parking lot pick-up, trash removal and other maintenance and cleaning activities."
washing & drying dishes
we are looking forward to meeting you!
we are looking to fill the following positions in our nanuet restaurant.
we are looking to fill the following positions in our restaurant: cashiers able to be held accountable for handling money during and after transactions. this includes but not limited to collecting payment and giving back change.
we are looking to hire a person who can work with customers via phone and at counter. part of daily tasks is to cook and prepare food as well as clean.previous food industry experience is not needed but it is preferred. must apply in person at restaurant.
"we are making it really easy to apply for this position. simply submit a zippyapp application package which may include the common employment application, resume, and a cover letter. in your cover letter, please write a short paragraph describing yourself and why you would make a great addition to our team. thank you for your interest! we look forward o discussing the possibility of you becoming a team member! press the apply button to get started now. if you already don't have a zippy app account, follow the on-screen instructions to create one. zippyapp is the common employment application for online and mobile that allows you to apply for jobs with one click, and is being accepted at a growing number of businesses each day."
"we are making it really easy to apply for this position. simply submit a zippyapp application package which may include the common employment application, resume, and a cover letter. in your cover letter, please write a short paragraph describing yourself and why you would make a great addition to our team. zippyapp is the common employment application for online and mobile that allows you to apply for jobs with one click, and is being accepted at a growing number of businesses each day."
"we are now hiring for front of house team. if you are looking for a fun and rewarding job with a great atmosphere, apply today!! our ideal candidates have great energy and thrive on teamwork. we offer a fun, casual work environment that feels more like being part of a family. check us out - you'll be happy you did! we are looking for cashiers, food runners, and hosts. please find brief descriptions of the jobs below: cashier:"
"we are now hiring for mornings (xam - xpm or xam-xpm) at tim hortons located at xxxx wehrle drive in williamsville, new york. wages start at $xx.xx per hour!"
we are now hiring for team members to work in our restaurant.
"we are now hiring several team members for our morning and afternoon shifts at tim hortons located at xxxx grand island blvd., in grand island new york. wages start at $xx.xx per hour! full and part-time positions available."
"we are offering part time positions for xnd and xrd shift at multiple locations. x-x nights per week including saturday night. please feel free to apply in person, we are located at xxxx w xxxth street in chicago ridge. feel free to call with questions regarding position, or to set up an interview xxx-xxx-xxxx"
"we are offering part time positions for xnd and xrd shift at multiple locations. x-x nights per week including saturday night. please feel free to apply in person, we are located at xxxx w. xxrd street summit, illinois. please feel free to apply in person."
"we are open xx hours a day in the drive thru. job includes either working in drive thru cashier/order taker or kitchen. for front, cashier stocks items needed in fridges, cups, any other items needed. cashier also cleans and mops when it is not busy."
we are proud to have been named a xxxx best place to work by the denver business journal and are committed to making noodles a place where our team members look forward to coming to work every day.
"we are searching for an experienced part-time associate (cashier) at xxxx daly street los angeles, california, xxxxx primary duties and responsibilities:"
"we are searching for friendly, energetic, highly motivated people who will thrive in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment."
we are seeking a cashier/guest services representative (floater) to join our rapidly growing team. this position will work in multiple locations and will not have a set schedule.
"we are seeking a cashier/receptionist with excellent customer service skills and a winning attitude. this individual will receive calls into the dealership, determine the nature of the callers business, and direct the caller to their destination. this position will also be responsible for basic accounting skills and knowledge of routine accounting functions in both accounts receivable and accounts payable."
we are seeking a retail sales associate to provide prompt and friendly customer service by greeting customers as soon as they enter the store.
"we are seeking an experienced pharmacy cashier to work in a fast-paced, professional, patient & service focused environment."
we are looking forward to receiving your application. thank you.
"we are looking forward to hearing from you. aracely's bakery en franklin park, il, está buscando un cajero para unirse a nuestro equipo. estamos ubicados en xxxx franklin ave. nuestro candidato ideal es impulsivo, motivado y comprometido. estar disponible para trabajar fin de semana. responsabilidades saludar a los clientes que entran y salen del negocio *mantener un área de trabajo limpia y ordenada. *procese con precisión todos los pagos en efectivo y crédito *brindar un servicio al cliente excepcional *preparar tortas estilo deli *revisar y poner pan en charolas"
"we are seeking associates who have a passion for delivering an extraordinary customer experience and a passion for serving those who serve, our soldiers, airmen and their families."
"we are looking forward to hearing from you. aracely's bakery en franklin park, il, está buscando un cajero mayormente primer turno para unirse a nuestro equipo. estamos ubicados en xxxx franklin ave. nuestro candidato ideal es impulsivo, motivado y comprometido. estar disponible para trabajar fin de semana. responsabilidades saludar a los clientes que entran y salen del negocio *mantener un área de trabajo limpia y ordenada. *procese con precisión todos los pagos en efectivo y crédito *brindar un servicio al cliente excepcional *preparar tortas estilo deli *revisar y poner pan en charolas"
"we are looking for friendly, dedicated people with customer service experience to join our team. we have full-time and part-time positions available."
"we are looking for friendly, energetic, and dependable team members with a positive outlook to:"
we are looking for great candidates who are passionate and enthusiastic about boba tea. we have immediate openings part-time cashier/bobarista positions. want to join our bubble tea shop in seattle? send us your resume with your availability.
"we are looking for hard working people to join our team at the newly renovated kitchen located inside the santa fe springs swap meet. help us showcase our new and exciting menu to our guests. if you are about to start or already have started your culinary ventureu, this is a great place to learn and grown from within the restaurant. we are looking for cooks and cashiers."
"we are looking for hardworking people who have great customer service and good attitudes who will work well with our team. in exchange for your excellent service, rainbow cone provides you with work experience and skills, future employment reference and potential growth opportunities. cashier duties include but are not limited to:"
we are looking for highly motivated customer service oriented team members that love to work in a fast paced environment.
"we are looking for highly motivated, honest, reliable, friendly personality, and hardworking individual to join our team."
we are looking for host positions and cashier positions for takeout.
"we are looking for individuals that are reliable, punctual and looking to develop great skills in our financial services business. customer service is a primary focus for our business and you will be required to meet the needs of our customers with an upbeat and positive disposition.your responsibilities will be to provide the following services to all customers: - checking cashing - western union - dmv services - title loans - foreign currency exchange - money order sales - payday loans - lotto/lottery sales -transportation passes / token sales - utility bill payments - tax preparation"
we are looking for more great hospitable people to join our team!
we are looking for part-time staff that have flexible availability and looking for long term employment. there are certain shifts to fill and want to be able to work on adding new staff to those shifts.
we are looking for people to work with santa at a local store. you must be able to provide superior customer service to all guests that visit santa. supervisor positions are also available. eoe/dfwf
"we are looking for restaurant experienced individuals who are familiar with food handling, cashier like duties. we do prefer at least x years of experience in this industry. starting pay is $xxhr. our hours are m-f x:xxam-x:xxpm sat/sun xam-xpm. please be to work as early as xam or as late as xpm"
"we are looking for someone that has at least x year of customer service experience in retail environment and cash handling. santa monica seafood co. offers great compensation/benefits, (medical, dental, vision, life, xxxk plan with match). paid holidays and vacation. employee discount, including at our company retail stores/cafes. employee referral bonus program and much more!"
we are looking for someone with excellent communication skills that is bilingual. they must be computer proficient and have experience as a cashier. you must be able to multi task and have customer service skills.
we are looking for team members to join us in the mission of delivering happiness through every cup of tea we handcraft with our heart!
we are looking for teammates that:
"we are looking for the best and will pay for it! we're a company with an insane amount of growth potential and a chance for you to develop. come find that balance between life, work and and living your best. come live your #tocayalife"
"we are looking for the great candidates who are passionate and enthusiastic about food, beverages and people."
"we are seeking an immediate opening in fast, friendly, casual dining. to become an integral part of our team!"
"we are seeking cashier/attendant(s) to work at our parking operations for suny upstate medical university (“upstate”), in syracuse, ny."
washing blenders
we fully train all cashiers
we have a large percentage of kosher keeping customers so know your kosher basics is a big plus!
"we have a long history of success and growth providing continuous opportunity for development. we offer competitive wages, generous benefits, a safety-conscious, drug-free work environment. we seek those who can help us take our growth and service to the next levels."
"we have a part-time host/hostess position available. we need someone able to work flexible hours, weekend availability is a must."
we have a unique set up of convenient store and half bar with patio seating outside. it’s busy and you are juggling with a lot of things at a time.
we have an opening for a cashier position.
we have an opening for a cashier/food svc worker position.
we have an opening for a full-time cashier position.
we have an opening for a full-time cashier/food service worker position.
we have an opening for a full-time food service worker position.
we have an opening for a part-time cashier position.
we have an opening for a part-time cashier/food service worker position.
we have an opening for a part-time food service worker/cashier position.
we have an opening for cashier/food service worker positions.
we have an opening for several full-time & part-time cashier/food service worker positions.
we have an opening for several full-time & part-time food service worker/cashier positions.
we have an opening for several full-time cashier positions.
we have an opening for x cashier/food service worker (full-time) positions.
we have an opening for x full and part-time cashier/food service worker positions.
we have full-time and part-time openings at seattle university - xxx xxth ave seattle wa xxxxx job summary:
"we got our start in xxxx selling a unique range of products all made from cacao; from body lotions to spice rubs, and have expanded into our current chocolate factory cafe space where we have the unique opportunity to let the public see the entire chocolate making process right in our shop."
"we focus on using high quality ingredients, minimally processed to provide real food people can identify with. located in the original farmers market, los angeles, we are committed to making our customers feel like family and invite them enjoy the comforts of home cooked food. magee's is family owned and operated since xxxx."
"we are seeking creative, passionate, and self motivated people to work in our cafe as barista and retail consultant and to help us achieve our goal of crafting a delightful one-of-a-kind experience; engaging with our local community through events and educational classes, and crafting something memorable for locals and those visiting from all over the world by sharing our process, products and our knowledge with them."
we encourage you to fill out your application completely and let us know your availability. add a cover letter to help us get your unique personality. at chick-fil-a we are looking for team members who are driven to learn and grow as leaders by serving others. your growth and development is our success. requirements/responsibilities responsibilities:
"we are seeking energetic, friendly & guest focused team members cashier"
"we are seeking for a cashier/cook position to work at our wienerschnitzel restaurant located in rosemead, ca. we are looking for an individual who is motivated, has a positive attitude and is open to flexible hours to join our team. job responsibilities include processing customer transactions, helping with the cash register, assisting the kitchen with customer orders, help keep working area clean and orderly, and opening and closing the store. experiences with kitchen and cash register are preferred and training will be provided."
"we are seeking hardworking, intelligent, outgoing, and high energy individuals to join us as full/part-time team member! we will provide you with all the tools necessary to grow and a structured track to advance your career."
"we are seeking self-motivated, friendly and knowledgeable retail customer service representatives (cashiers) to assist customers with merchandise purchases at the checkout area of our high-volume big box retail store. we are currently seeking part-time associates with night/weekend availability."
"we are seeking the next generation of lunatics who are passionate about life, goals, people and of course real food. a lunatic is energetic, passionate, enthusiastic, driven and inspired to create a unique experience."
"we are so much more than just a place to get a great sandwich. mendo is a gathering place for coworkers and friends, where each person who walks through the door is treated like family. it is a place where you can learn about new ingredients and trust where the food came from and how it was prepared. it is a place that cares more about its team members, guests, and local vendors than it does about its profits."
"we ask that only serious inquiries are made. please do not call just to use me as a reference. we are looking for someone reliable, motivated, and determined. we treat all our employees with the utmost respect and expect the same respect back. please pay attention to details. the second you contact us whether it be email or by phone, you should know what position you are applying for and the location of the position as it is listed on this listing. if you call me and don't know what job you're applying for, i will tell you to have a great day and hang up. i am looking for someone serious to hire immediately."
we asked some of our associates why they love working for touchpoint. click here to see what they said!
"we at aids healthcare foundation believe that each individual is entitled to equal employment opportunities without regard to race, color, creed, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status or disability. the right of equal employment opportunity extends to recruiting, hiring selection, transfer, promotion, training and all other conditions of employment."
"we begin our candidates as cashiers, however there are numerous opportunities presented for advancement within the company for employees who excel in their job. cashiers may potentially become a moneygram clerk, scan coordinator, or shift lead as their time with the company progresses."
we believe great training is the foundation for exceptional performance. your training is specifically designed to give you the skills necessary to be successful at each level.
"we believe in enriching your personal and job skills, and providing you with a jumping board to professional growth, whether in harlem shake or another future career path. and, you will learn some fun harlem culture along the way! harlem shake believes that we are in the community and for the community, and giving back to the neighborhood we grew up in is one of our big priorities. we partner with local schools, churches, and non-profits to contribute and donate to their causes. our annual mhs (miss/mister harlem shake competition) is a great way for us to give back to the community and have so much fun! even though we're humble, we are not strangers to our share of fame. in tribute to the new york of old, harlem shake features famous guests on our wall of fame. from actors, musicians, politicians and athletes, all have some tie to harlem and each photo is signed personally to harlem shake. wall of fame includes such greats as janet jackson, bill clinton, maya angelou, george maysles, corey hawkins, neil-patrick harris, p-diddy, shaquille o'neal, omari hardwick, natasha polanco, among more than xxx others. in addition, harlem shake was the location for numerous celebrity photo shoots and video productions, most recently teen vogue, seventeen magazine, love and hip-hop show, black ink crew reality show, the waitress musica, linkedin, dietland, “she don’t like me” video by ron brows and remy ma, “hello again” movie featuring rumer willis. so, you never know when you will spot a star walking by! requirements/responsibilities job summary:"
we can't wait to hear from you!
"we care about people, are passionate about our food, take pride in what we do and love life! we provide opportunities to learn culinary skills working with fresh food and the art of personal connection with our guests. come join our amazing team, make new friends, develop your career, skills, and have fun."
we currently have need for x-x more cashiers in our busy family pharmacy and supplement store.
"we deliver handmade, from scratch bbq fare inspired by regions throughout the states, from the backwoods of the carolinas to the meat markets of texas, to the hole in the walls of memphis. our dining rooms are brimming with industrial chic details, great music, and lively conversations. couple all of that with a staff that is truly dedicated to creating a memorable experience for every client that walks through our doors, and you've got a recipe for success."
"we enable a consistent experience for our guests by ensuring product is in stock, available, accurately priced and signed on the sales floor in our smallest format stores. experts of service, operations, process and efficiency. this team is responsible for being proficient in all areas of the store to complete duties such as, but not limited to, cashiering, stocking, presentation and price accuracy. you’ll provide exceptional guest service, customizing each experience and anticipating their needs."
"we enable a consistent experience for our guests by ensuring productis in stock, available,accurately priced and signed on the sales floorin our smallest format stores. experts ofservice,operations, process and efficiency.this team is responsible for being proficient in all areas of the store to complete duties such as, but not limited to, cashiering, stocking, presentation and price accuracy.you’llprovide exceptional guest service, customizing each experience and anticipating their needs. at target,we believe in our team members having meaningful experiences that help them build and develop skills for a career. the role of a small format team member can provide you with the:"
"we encourage everyone to be uncommon, be you! job title: cashiers"
"we are looking for enthusiastic, hard-working, front of house team members to join our family. we pride ourselves in having the best people in the business. your support in front of house operations will be essential to us continuing to give excellent service. your impact:"
we are looking for enthusiastic attendant / cashiers to join our dynamic team.
we are looking for employees that want to be a part of the coolest thing happening in syracuse! we have been in business for x years & is a fast growing italian ice business serving the freshest italian ice in town!
"we are a new health-oriented and eco-conscious juice company. our priority is to provide fast service as well as good vibes and high energy. we care and love to educate our customers, so basic knowledge of organic foods and nutrition are important (we will train you if needed)."
we are a small kitchen and daily kitchen breakdown is an active component to the job
we are a small kosher burger restaurant in los angeles looking to expand our crew! we are in search of someone young and fresh who is quick on their feet and is a fast learner to work on our register.
"we are a world class aquarium and we connect you to the living world, inspiring you to make a difference. our goal in food service is to create and offer services that contribute to a more pleasant visit at the aquarium. we are looking for outgoing people passionate about working with food and delivering outstanding service while being fun and friendly. we are looking for cooks with experience handling high volume restaurants. this is a varied work schedule including days, nights and weekends. we are open holidays."
we are actively looking for friendly team members who are self- motivated to join us.!
"we are also a people first company. we often say “parking is our industry but people are our passion.” our mission is to “create opportunities for our employees and value for our clients”. if you’re looking to join a growing company led by passionate people committed to being the best – contact us today! the spirit of the position: the cashier is the front line personnel responsible for greeting, engaging and interacting with all customers entering and exiting the facility. the position requires cash handling, making correct change, monitoring transactions, etc. for traffic entering/exiting the facility."
"we are always looking for bright and talented individuals to join our retail team. if you have the skills we are looking for and if you are seeking the opportunity to provide the best in customer care, we want to hear from you! please forward your resume to hr@drugworld.com. drug world is an equal opportunity employer."
we are always looking for good people to join our team. there is always room to grow and move forward with us! it all depends on you!
"we are an awesome place to work and care about our teams, so we want to make sure we are clear on a few more basics that we expect:"
we are an equal opportunity employer
we are an equal opportunity employer and a drug free work place. a criminal history background check and pre-employment drug screen will be conducted on the final candidate prior to beginning employment.
"we are an equal opportunity employer and prohibit discrimination/harassment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws"
"we are an equal opportunity employer and prohibit discrimination/harassment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws."
we are an equal opportunity employer m/d/f/v
"we are an equal opportunity employer. applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex national origin, disability which can reasonably accommodated without undue hardship, marital status, veteran status or any other classification protected by law. resumes will be kept active for xxx days. if you are interested in a position after xxx days, a new resume must be submitted."
"we are an equal opportunity employer. we consider applications for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, citizenship status, genetic information or any other legally protected status."
"we are an independently owned and operated bbq restaurant that got our start in la grange in xxxx. since then, we have opened three more locations (naperville, schereville, in and oak park), been michelin bib-gourmand rated (twice! in xxxx and xxxx), won time out chicago's ""best new bbq xxxx"" and established a base of loyal, raving fans the likes of none other."
"we are bash pizza a brand new, fast pace, up and coming fast food and dining restaurant."
"we are building a team of passionate, committed individuals who each play a vital role in making erewhon a special place. if you are looking for a career and want to be part of something bigger, we'd love to hear from you."
"we are committed to authenticity, sophistication, mastery and innovation."
we are a small family owned restaurant in the fast food industry. we are looking to hire experienced cashiers. preferably with breakfast and lunch experience. also looking for people to fill in shifts when needed. bilingual is a plus. experience required.
"we are a neighborhood hardware & rental store with an emphasis on sales and customer service, seeking an energetic and motivated person for our cashier position. the ideal candidate must have excellent customer service and phone skills, as well as be organized, positive and detail oriented. proficiency with computers and a willingness to learn new software programs a plus. flexible availability a plus."
we are looking for an individual who can join our team for our axhopshopxxxth location.
"we are a hospitality company committed to providing “guest delight” in every facet of the customer experience—all while having a great time doing it! we’re committed to employee development and growth through training, coaching, and learning from one another."
"washing, cleaning"
"washington square, tigard, or"
washington state alcohol serving permit a plus
washington state food workers card a plus
"watches for safety or security issues (trip hazards, lighting, suspicious persons, etc.) and reports to management."
"watertown, ny (preferred)"
"we also have locations in summit, and bedford park call for details."
"we also offer free lunch or dinner, paid training, and a chance to work in a friendly work environment alongside other russian/english speaking peers."
we also offer incentive plans for quarterly bonuses responsibilities:
"we are a business that is open every single day of the year, including weekends and holidays. everyone must work part of each holiday, with very few exceptions."
we are a busy restaurant and have an open role for host. you will greet guestsas they enter and show them to their table or waiting area. you will also engage with guests to ensure their meal is as good as it should be. to do well in this role you should be comfortable standing for long periods and managing a very busy shift.
"we are a busy vegan pizzeria in brooklyn looking for amazing part time to potentially full time pizza marker. screamers pizza is a fully vegan pizzeria in brooklyn, new york."
"we are a casual restaurant serving breakfast, lunch and dinner. must be experienced, neat and organized, reliable, have a good knowledge of food, be a team player and most of all have a passion for hospitality and service. we are willing to train the right candidate."
"we are a community-owned, consumer food co-op for natural food and wellness products-over xx,xxx owners strong. we are not your average grocery store! we celebrate fresh and whole foods, local farmers, sustainable living, and the transformative power of a strong local economy. we are changing the way business is done by placing people and the environment first while investing profits back to the food co-op and community. each year we contribute to numerous community groups, schools, and local events through volunteering, fundraising, or making donations."
"we are a family owned business serving the needs of the community since xxxx. we have grown from a small hardware store, into a multistore chain catering to residential, commercial, and industrial customers. we are independently owned and part of a worldwide community of over xxxx ace retail stores committed to winning our customers through legendary customer service. at olson’s ace hardware, we appreciate our employees who have helped us build a strong community reputation. our core values:"
"we are a fashion forward footwear company looking for an stock coordinator who is detail-oriented, organized, and who has excellent communication and customer service skills."
we are a growing company that still feels like a family operation. if you are interested in working with us please email us and we will set up an interview with you.
we are a high end tea house and restaurant chain under the ten ren's tea group. this us chain has grown to be the most popular boba tea house in orange county. our loyal guests love cha for the great consistent quality and service we've been delivering for xx years!
"we are a high volume, quick serve gastropub in the historical district of downtown los angeles. we live and breathe downtown and enjoy making this place the spot for local downtown residents and new faces. if talking to people you’ve just met comes naturally and you can multitask and thrive in a fast paced environment, we’d love to have you join our team! energetic, fun, and responsible individuals are encouraged to apply."
we are committed to creating an environment of fostering growth and development throughout luna grill.
we are creating a candidate pool for our cashier positions at the health sciences campus.
we are creating a candidate pool for the cashier (barista duties) position for our starbucks team.
we are creating a candidate pool for the cashier position.
"we are hiring cashier, barista, and kitchen positions for our pomona restaurant located in the university center right by the cal state pomona: xxxx temple ave, pomona, ca xxxxx. you will be working with a team of ~x energetic teammates. our great team here provides excellent products and services. check out our x,xxx reviews on yelp with x.x star rating!"
we are hiring cashiers/ counter help for our centerport location.
we are hiring cooks and cashiers at the following waba grill corporate location: long beach (atlantic blvd).
we are hiring cooks and cashiers at the following waba grill corporate location: long beach (downey ave).
"we are hiring new cashiers to cover morning, evening, and weekend shifts."
we are hiring the following positions for our new store in massapequa:
"we are kuvera partners, a company specializing in the development and operation of attractions in prime tourist markets. our flagship attraction, hollywood wax museum, has had friends and families across america making awesome memories for over xx years."
"we are located in a high-visibility, high traffic area. flexibility, a get it done attitude, and the ability to work in a dynamic environment are musts."
we are looking for a cashier to manage all transactions with customers accurately and efficiently.
"we are looking for a couple part-time positions for day & night hours, including weekends at destiny usa."
"we are looking for a few fast paced, responsible, and reliable cashiers."
"we are looking for a foh, counter person with restaurant/food service experience at our downtown los angeles location."
"we are looking for a fresh, friendly, energetic person to be part of our team. you must be passionate about food and deliver the best possible customer experience with every single transaction. the ability to multi-task is a must as you will be required to help customers, process orders, smile and make sandwiches. experience with square a plus but not required. duties and responsibilities of the cashier will include greeting customers when entering or leaving our establishment, maintaining a clean and tidy checkout area and keeping reports of cash and credit transactions. food service experience required."
"we are looking for a fresh, friendly, energetic person to be part of our team. you must be passionate about food and deliver the best possible customer experience with every single transaction. the ability to multi-task is a must as you will be required to help customers, take phone orders, process online orders and smile. experience with square a plus but not required. duties and responsibilities of the cashier will include greeting customers when entering or leaving our establishment, maintaining a clean and tidy checkout area and keeping reports of cash and credit transactions. ability to multi-task , food-handlers certificate recommended but not required."
"we are looking for a friendly, and reliable person with strong hospitality skills. indqs"
"we are looking for a part- time team member to work one to two weekdays/ nights and during saturday and sunday. shifts may vary. there will be increased hours close to major holidays. we are open for a few hours on easter day, thanksgiving day and all day on christmas eve."
"we are looking for a pizza counter customer service representative for our pizzeria located on xxxx hancock street, brooklyn ny xxxxx."
"we are looking for an automotive cashier to manage all transactions with customers accurately and efficiently. cashier responsibilities include receiving payments and issuing receipts, and keeping track of all cash and credit transactions. to be successful in this role, you should have previous experience in a customer service position and good knowledge of computers. . ultimately, you’ll ensure all transactions run smoothly and will help us maximize customer satisfaction."
"we are looking for an energetic, dynamic individual who can be the director of first impressions at a luxury automotive dealership."
"we are hiring baristas/cashiers ! we are looking for energetic and dependable people with knowledge and experience making drinks, serving customers, and helping guests. the ideal candidate has good knowledge about how to make espresso based beverages and should have x-x years of experience already."
we are heavily involved in supporting our communities we live and work in and look for people to join us in volunteerism and fund raising efforts for many local charities and non-profit organizations.
we are growing fast and have no plans on stopping now.
"we are currently seeking that unique individual who will know how to navigate the exciting atmosphere at our manhattan coffee and music hub. thinks records, coffee, artists!"
we are currently hiring a cashier/barista to work at our location.
"we are currently hiring for the position of cashier / customer service. this position is in a great environment working and interacting with the students as well as fellow team members. seeking applicants for full time and part time positions, for xst and xnd shifts, and also weekend shifts are available."
we are currently looking for highly motivated individuals to be part time cashiers/sales associates duties include but are not limited to:
"we are currently looking for part time sales associates/cashier our westfield southcenter, seattle wa location."
"we are currently looking for part time seasonal retail sales associates to join our team at the legendary queen mary for our on a seasonal basis. the retail sales associates are responsible for providing first class service while completing transactions in a quick, efficient, courteous and professional manner. job responsibilities"
"we are currently reopening in salmon run mall, watertown, new york, and we are looking for cashiers/sales associates."
"we are currently seeking a friendly, innovative, client-focused part-time cashier. hours are flexible, and weekend availability is preferred."
"we are currently seeking enthusiastic and dynamic server with experience in nyc restaurants. our ideal candidates possess a solid work ethic, the ability to thrive in a team environment, and the passion for excellent service. we are looking for people creating spectacular moments for our guests."
"we are daa! dumplings, a grab-and-go pelmeni shop located in columbus circle in manhattan. you can learn more about us at www.daadumplings.com or on our instagram @daadumplings. we are also on yelp as daa! dumplings."
"we are genuine in our belief that sports make people better and so are you! immerse yourself in a workplace that loves to be active and lives the brand. associates joining our team have an opportunity to be a part of the #x sporting goods retailer in the country and create a lasting impact on their communities through sport and activity. on our team, everyone plays a critical role. your mission (and ours) is to serve and inspire athletes and outdoor enthusiasts to achieve their personal best through the relentless improvement of everything we do. sales associate duties:"
we are earl enterprises®
we are extremely passionate about this project and are looking for candidates who can bring a unique experience to this distinctive opportunity.
we are first with fashion. we believe that everyone should wear clothing they love and we make it our mission to provide the latest looks at unbeatable prices.
we are first with fashion. we believe that everyone should wear clothing they love. we make it our mission to provide the latest looks at unbeatable prices.
we are gearing up to open our next location in toluca lake! we're looking for:
we are gearing up to open our xxth location in dtla! we're looking for:
we are genuine in our belief that sports make people better and so are you! immerse yourself in a workplace that loves to be active and lives the brand. associates joining our team have an opportunity to be a part of the #x sporting goods retailer in the country and create a lasting impact on their communities through sport and activity.
"we are genuine in our belief that sports make people better and so are you! immerse yourself in a workplace that loves to be active and lives the brand. associates joining our team have an opportunity to be a part of the #x sporting goods retailer in the country and create a lasting impact on their communities through sport and activity. on our team, everyone plays a critical role. your mission (and ours) is to serve and inspire athletes and outdoor enthusiasts to achieve their personal best through the relentless improvement of everything we do. apply now to be considered for any of the following available positions:"
working in a fun and energetic environment makes you excited…. we work efficiently and as a team to deliver for our guests
working indoors and/or outdoors.
understand the surroundings and building area in order to answer questions.
your availability (how many days/week you want to work)
"your commitment to our values will secure a bright future for our company, and ensure successful career growth. start on the road to success and become a member of our family!"
your contribution to our success!
your duties will include:
your exceptional service will build new and repeat business
your future duties and responsibilities:
your growth at chick-fil-a xxnd and madison begins with your track record of consistency in:
your life and career at hbc:
"your neighborhood mendocino farms sandwich market is so much more than just a place to get a great sandwich. it is a gathering place for coworkers and friends, where each person who walks through the door is treated like family."
your next opportunity is now boarding:
your opportunity:
your responsibilities include:
"your responsibilities will include, but are not limited to:"
your responsibilities:
"your right to work – in compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the united states and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire."
"your salary can always change, it all depends on you!"
"youre awesome. you make an impression wherever you go. you dont want to work at just any restaurant, you want to work with a restaurant that will develop you, nourish and inspire you, and provide a fun atmosphere that will make it fun to go to work every day."
you’re over xx years old
yummy foods operates x grocery stores across la that focus on delivery. we have a few openings at our location in century city.
"yummy foods operates x grocery stores across la that focus on delivery. we have a few openings at our stores in playa vista, santa monica and century city and would like to fill them quickly."
your benefits:
"your ability to follow instructions, directions, and policies"
"zeigler auto group has an immediate opening available for an experienced cashier. candidate must be reliable, have great communication skills, attention to detail and also have the ability to work with co-workers in a friendly and professional manner."
youll be expected to:
you thrive in fast-paced environments
you value experiences over things
you want to find and solve real problems in real time
"you want to learn more about everything, all of the time"
you want to work somewhere where you can get to know your customers by name (and they’ll know you too)
"you will almost always be the first contact our guests have in the restaurant. the positive first impression made at this point of contact with the guest - where it really counts - will set the standard for making the guest feel welcome. your professional appearance, smile, great knowledge and positive attitude are just the beginning for our guests great dining experience. must exemplify our standards of knowledge, skill-service and hospitality. cashier: basic job duties:"
"you will also receive daily tips,"
you will be a part of the forum exciting event/concert experience
you will be contacted by our hiring team to be considered for employment.
you will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
"you will be in charge of making drinks, smoothies, and serving food ."
you will be required to clean and cook efficiently
"you will be responsible for greeting our customers, completing transactions accurately and efficiently, and thanking every customer after a sale. you will play a large part in creating a lasting experience for floor & decor customers as you are their final touch."
"you will enjoy a competitive wage, flexible hours, and an associate discount. we are a rapidly growing brand, and provide a variety of training and development opportunities so our associates can grow with us. our store teams work hard and have fun together! burlington associates make a difference in the lives of customers, colleagues, and the communities where we live and work every day. burlington stores, inc. is an equal opportunity employer committed to workplace diversity."
you work well under pressure and thrive in a fast paced environment
you'll be doing day to day
you're an excellent communicator.
you're organized and detail-oriented.
"youaren’tlooking for monday thru friday job where you are at a computer all day… we are busy all day (especiallyon the weekends), making it easy for the guest to feel welcomed, inspired and rewarded the good news is that we have some amazing training that will help teach you everything you need toknow to be asmall format team member.butthere are a few skills you should have from the get-go:"
"zankou chicken is an award-winning, family-owned, fast-casual mediterranean restaurant chain with eight locations in southern california. at zankou, we serve quality, natural, and uniquely delicious mediterranean meals at an affordable price and with awowlevel guest experience. the guest-cashier interaction is the first impression our guests get of zankou chicken. let's make it a great one and wow our guests! let's make their experience one of a kind."
"© xxxx nordstrom, inc."
"you provide friendly, high-quality customer service."
· assist in productreplenishment and maintain floor presentations as well as full recovery at endof business day.
"· assists with proper and timely execution of floor sets and updates, markdowns,marketing and signage."
· attention to detail.
· be knowledgeable and familiar with the surrounding businesses/offerings within the facility.
· be over xx in order to work late nights.
"· communicate effectively with customers, fellow employees and store management."
· communicate guest requests to management.
· consistentlydemonstrate superior customer service skills to create an engaging customerinteraction and build us polo assn. brand loyalty.
"· customer care is the primary responsibility. will complete transactions and monitor other transactions conducted by associates, will provide assistance when needed. will ensure a smooth and enjoyable customer transaction, i.e. take sensors off, fold merchandise, bag merchandise, etc. is responsible for all transactions for all customers and employees which may include: signing off on checks over $xxx, performing post voids and no sales, returns and /or exchanges, price adjustments (i.e. discounts, price overrides), and when necessary, sign off on d&d tags. will request from the store manager if assistance is needed on a transaction. will report any suspicious activity to the store manager immediately."
· demonstrates genuine interest in satisfaction and well-being of customers
"· depending on the shift the lead will be responsible for either opening or closing procedures. opening procedures includes ensuring all registers are balanced to its opening amount including additional cash fund. closing procedures includes ensuring that all funds including opening and deposit amounts are balanced; ensures that all post void transactions, no sale, credit card receipts, employee purchase receipts, and merchandise credits are reconciled on the cash count report. will report any discrepancies to the management."
· effectively operate a cash register.
· efficientlycomplete the sales transaction at register including a sincere “thank you” andrequest to return.
"· ensure that each customer receives outstanding guest service by providing a guest friendly environment which includes greeting and acknowledging every guest, maintaining standards and all other components of guest service."
· ensures all register areas are clean and tidy and stocked with the necessary bagging supplies. maintains company housekeeping standards and sets an example for others in keeping the registers comfortable and an efficient space to work.
· excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
· experienced in the retail and/or service industries
"· flexible availability- including nights, weekends and holidays."
· follow all company policies and procedures.
"· follow all company policies, cash handling policies and special store loss prevention procedures."
· assist other store employees in maintaining security in stores.
· assist in processing and replenishing merchandise; participate in receiving and monitoring floor stock.
· $ xx.xx cta voucher for ventra card holders
"· assist in floor moves, merchandising, display maintenance, and store housekeeping."
· $xxx attendance bonus per x weeks
· ability to climb ladders.
· ability to communicate with associates and guests.
"· ability to freely access all areas of the store including sales floor, stock area, and register area."
· ability to interact with diverse personalities.
· ability to lift up to xx pounds.
· ability to move or handle merchandise throughout the store generally weighing x-xx pounds.
· ability to operate and use equipment necessary to run the store.
"· ability to stand for x hours a day climb, lift and bend."
· ability to work varied hours/days as business dictates.
· able to receiveand adapt to direction and feedback when appropriate
· able to work a flexible schedule (including nights and weekends)
· able to work independently
· accurately and efficiently complete all sales transactions and maintain proper cash and media accountabilities at pos registers.
· accurately and efficiently complete all sales transactions and maintain proper cash at pos registers.
· acknowledge and greet customers as they enter the store or approach the cash-wrap.
"· adhere to all company policies, procedures, and practices including signing, pricing, and loss prevention."
· any other duties as assigned by management.
· assembles carts with necessary items for catering deliveries
you take care of yourself. (energy and stamina. you’ll need both.)
you own this if you have…
xxxk plan with company match
yoshinoya is hiring! exciting things are happening here and we are looking for friendly people to join our team! we are currently recruiting part-time/full-time cashier with a minimum of one year experience preferred. offering day and evening shifts and opportunities to fast track into key leadership positions. take the opportunity to get into the ground floor of something huge! essential job duties & responsibilities:
you always strive to improve yourself and can accept constructive criticism
"you are a friendly person with a natural ability to engage others in conversation, even if you dont know them. you are polite and kind and enjoy making others happy."
you are a good listener with strong communication skills
you are a natural collaborator and are able to identify opportunities and take initiative
you are a patient and thorough listener
you are a problem solver and always have a positive outlook!
you are a self starter – you always keep looking for the next thing that needs to be done
"you are applying for work with a franchisee of dunkin' donuts, not dunkin' brands, inc., dunkin' donuts or any of their affiliates. any information you submit will be provided solely to the franchisee. if hired, the franchisee will be your only employer. franchisees are independent business owners who are solely responsible for their own employees and set their own wage and benefit programs that can vary among franchisees."
"you are applying for work with a franchisee of dunkin’ donuts, not dunkin’ brands, inc. or any of its affiliates. any application or information you submit will be provided solely to the franchisee. if hired, the franchisee will be your only employer. franchisees are independent business owners who are solely responsible for their own employees and set their own wage and benefit programs that can vary among franchisees."
you are at least xx years old
you are customer service focused and have a positive and friendly attitude
you are energetic and passionate about advancing your career
you are enthusiastic about the huskies and the university of washington.
you are expected to be reliable
you are interested in the lives of others and driven to learn more about them
"you are responsible for upholding one of our most important values- committing to happier guests! as a cashier, youll welcome guests as they enter, take their order and make sure they get exactly what they want! youll treat guests like family; taking care of their every need, sometimes before they ask for it. youll have to multi-task! cashiers also answer phones, take catering orders, pack up orders when theyre ready, and keep the restaurant clean, stocked, and organized."
"you aren’t looking for a monday thru friday job where you are at a computer all day… we are busy all day (especially on the weekends), making it easy for the guest to feel welcomed, inspired and rewarded"
"you aren’t looking for monday thru friday job where you are at a computer all day… we are busy all day (especially on the weekends), making it easy for the guest to feel welcomed, inspired and rewarded"
you can apply online or you can also text “jobs” to xxxxx
you also have:
"yoshinoya america is a wholly owned subsidiary of yoshinoya holdings, based in japan. with a history that started in xxxx and more than xxxx stores worldwide, yoshinoya holdings has been both leader and innovator in the qsr japanese segment. the american subsidiary has over xxx stores (xx+ company owned) and is southern california's best kept secret."
"you can listen and follow instructions from shift leads, managers, and leadership; and are open to feedback about your own performance"
"yoshinoya america has quietly reinvented itself over the past x years under a new leadership team. new brand positioning, menu items, remodels, upgraded systems, and improved execution have resulted in comp-store sales increases of more than xx%. during the same period, the qsr segment has seen little if any sales growth. our remaining stores will be remodeled this year as we start to open restaurants in new markets. over the next few years, we plan to nearly double the size of the company. opportunity is knocking! you owe it to yourself to take a closer look at yoshinoya and use our success as your springboard to new career opportunities"
xxxk retirement savings plan
"xxxx avenue of the stars -- los angeles, ca xxxxx"
xxxx glendale blvd.
"xxxx latijera blvd, los angeles xxxxx (westchester)."
xxxx n broadway los angels ca xxxxx
xxxx s figueroa st
xxxx s. cicero ave.
xxxx sales store clerical
"xxxx sherman ave. -- evanston, il xxxxx"
xxxx sunrise highway
xxxx vestal parkway east
xxxx w redondo beach blvd suit x gardena ca xxxxx
xxxx w. fullerton ave
xxxxx-xxxx department
xxxxxx department code
"xxxxxx new york, ny - xxnd and fifth ave"
"yard maintenance (sweeping, shoveling, painting, checking gas wells, etc.)"
"yaso tangbao is a modern day fast-casual shanghainese restaurant chain and our first location is now one of the most popular restaurants in downtown brooklyn. yaso tangbao was born as a response to the evolving taste of a centuries old culinary culture, with a parallel mission to satisfy new yorkers' taste buds."
years of related professional experience: x+.
you can handle food allergens and cleaning chemicals without issue.
"you can now prerecord video introductions. be more than just words on a resume and get in front of the hiring manager faster. click here to get a sneak peek preview. if serving others is in your blood and you thrive on the idea of helping someone heal, touchpoint is the place for you!"
you must be available from x am - x.xx pm or xx am - x pm
you have a “get things done” mindset
you have pep in your step! pace & intensity is everything. you have to be able to move quickly and multi-task while executing accuracy and overall safety while working.
you have previous retail and cashiering experience
you have requested that indeed ask candidates the following questions:
you have strong decision making and problem solving skills
you have to be able to work on your feet for hours
you have volunteered with a group before (habitat for humanity? xk organization? relay for life? we're looking at you…)
"you have worked a retail job before (clothing, salon, coffee shop, you name it!)"
you have x+ years of guest and sales experience
"you haven't done any of these things, and have never worked in a restaurant: and that's fine. let us know what makes you interesting, exceptional, and why you fit in at q. if you've made it this far and you feel like you + q = success, apply now! if not, we would still appreciate you passing this description along to someone in your life who fits the bill."
you like food – a lot
you like to have fun and want to work in a business where you can be part of a family
you love problem solving and working with people
"you love the game of golf. so do we. immerse yourself in an environment where passionate and skilled teammates thrive. associates joining our team have an opportunity to serve and inspire golfers as part of the #x sporting goods retailer in your country. our teammates create a lasting impact on their communities through sport. a division of dick’s sporting goods, golf galaxy prides itself on its world-class selection of brand name golf equipment, apparel, accessories and technology for golfers of all ages and abilities. full-time and part-time positions available (permanent and temporary):"
"you love the idea of learning about cars, but you don’t necessarily want to be a mechanic"
you love to work in a team oriented environment
you may also call or text (xxx) xxx-xxxx
you may be the one we’re looking for if you have:
"you may have never seen yourself working at a car wash but that’s because you have never met us! we are a high end express car wash chain with a location in alsip, il! our company is rapidly growing with a revolutionary car washing model. we provide unlimited wash memberships at just $xx/month! all of our customers receive free vacuums, free drying towels, free dash wipes, and free air fresheners! we are passionate about people and excellence! lots of room to grow with our company!"
you must also work well as part of a team and be willing to work long hours when necessary.
you have an excellent attendance record.
you have a valid driver’s license
"you can now prerecord video introductions. be more than just words on a resume and get in front of the hiring manager faster. click here to get a sneak peek preview. if you have a positive attitude and a love for learning, you may be interested in joining our team."
you have a high school diploma or gedwillingness to perform other duties as required that are necessary to support the business.
"you can now prerecord video introductions. be more than just words on a resume and get in front of the hiring manager faster. click here to get a sneak peek preview. if you have a positive attitude and a love for learning, you may be interested in joining our team. at flik, our operating philosophy is centered on three essential factors: great food, great service and great people. a flik family-then & now. great food and great service are only possible with great people behind the scenes. flik’s steadfast dedication to the training and support of our associates continues to nourish our vision and growth. dedication, diligence, operational excellence and hands-on expertise are flik trademarks – only achievable through the work of our team of professionals. we embark on a relationship with every flik associate that provides, demonstrates and cherishes growth, education and ongoing mentoring – today and every day. full time associates at flik are offered many fantastic benefits such as:"
"you can now prerecord video introductions. be more than just words on a resume and get in front of the hiring manager faster. click here to get a sneak peek preview. if you have a positive attitude and a love for learning, you may be interested in joining our team. canteen is a national vending machine operating company offering vending, office coffee service and dining services through a company and franchise network of over xxx locations in xx states. canteen’s track record of innovation began in xxxx, when company founder nathaniel leverone built his business strategy around three timeless principles: integrity, customer focus and innovation."
"you can now prerecord video introductions. be more than just words on a resume and get in front of the hiring manager faster. click here to get a sneak peek preview. if you have a positive attitude and a love for learning, you may be interested in joining our team. eurest is recognized worldwide for standards of service and excellence within the foodservice industry. embracing an ownership mindset, eurest leverages global resources, promotes a local presence and enriches the communities we serve. the eurest promise, “connect with people, inspire through food, create solutions, and live our promise,” is exemplified throughout our organization. eurest is proud to serve the world’s most respected successful corporations, including many of the fortune xxx. full time associates at eurest are offered many fantastic benefits such as:"
"you can now prerecord video introductions. be more than just words on a resume and get in front of the hiring manager faster. click here to get a sneak peek preview. if you have a positive attitude and a love for learning, you may be interested in joining our team. morrison healthcare is a leading national food and nutrition services company exclusively dedicated to serving more than xxx hospitals and healthcare systems. morrison’s hospital kitchens, restaurants and cafés feature socially responsible practices and exceptional guest experiences. the company’s mindful choices wellness and sustainability platform includes the latest in healthful eating and an understanding of behavioral change in food consumption. the atlanta-based company was named one of modern healthcare magazine’s “top xxx best places to work in healthcare in xxxx” and one of training magazine’s top xxx for xxxx. full time associates at morrison healthcare are offered many fantastic benefits such as:"
"you can now prerecord video introductions. be more than just words on a resume and get in front of the hiring manager faster. click here to get a sneak peek preview. if you have a positive attitude and a love for learning, you may be interested in joining our team. restaurant associates is recognized as the nation’s premier hospitality company, operating over xxx prestigious locations. restaurant associates, based in new york city, provides premium food services to museums, performing arts centers, aquariums, corporate dining, educational facilities and off-premise catering events in new york city, boston, hartford, atlanta, chicago, washington d.c., and philadelphia. restaurant associates is a subsidiary of compass group north america, the world’s leading foodservice organization."
"you can now prerecord video introductions. be more than just words on a resume and get in front of the hiring manager faster. click here to get a sneak peek preview. if you have a positive attitude and a love for learning, you may be interested in joining our team. want to influence a generation? how about working in a place where you know you make a difference. try one of our xxxx public and private school locations managed by chartwells school dining services. that’s about x.x million young students we provide meals and food service for each day. eat. learn. live exemplifies chartwells’ promise and philosophy that nourishing students is not only our business; it’s our commitment to the communities in which we serve."
"you can now prerecord video introductions. be more than just words on a resume and get in front of the hiring manager faster. click here to get a sneak peek preview. if you have a positive attitude and a love for learning, you may be interested in joining our team. want to influence a generation? how about working in a place where you know you make a difference. try one of our xxxx public and private school locations managed by chartwells school dining services. that’s about x.x million young students we provide meals and food service for each day. eat. learn. live exemplifies chartwells’ promise and philosophy that nourishing students is not only our business; it’s our commitment to the communities in which we serve. full time associates at chartwells k-xx are offered many fantastic benefits such as:"
"you can now prerecord video introductions. be more than just words on a resume and get in front of the hiring manager faster. click here to get a sneak peek preview. if you have a positive attitude and a love for learning, you may be interested in joining our team. want to influence a generation? how about working in a place where you know you make a difference. try one of our xxxx public and private school locations managed by chartwells school dining services. that’s about x.x million young students we provide meals and food service for each day. eat. learn. live exemplifies chartwells’ promise and philosophy that nourishing students is not only our business; it’s our commitment to the communities in which we serve. job summary"
"you can now prerecord video introductions. be more than just words on a resume and get in front of the hiring manager faster. click here to get a sneak peek preview. if you have a positive attitude and a love for learning, you may be interested in joining our team. wolfgang puck catering is the nation's most celebrated and prominent catering entity. we offer a unique combination of restaurant, catering and special event experience to our guests. our team of chefs, planners and servers are supreme producers, dedicated to the celebration of life through good food and welcoming hospitality. working for wolfgang puck catering will allow you the opportunity to work with great people like yourself! you will be surrounded by people who are passionate about what they do. full time associates at wolfgang puck are offered many fantastic benefits such as:"
"you can now prerecord video introductions. be more than just words on a resume and get in front of the hiring manager faster. click here to get a sneak peek preview. if you have a positive attitude and a love for learning, you may be interested in joining our team. working for morrison community living is more than a job – it’s a calling. we are the leading provider of dining, nutrition, wellness and community services to america’s senior living communities. from our sustainable food practices and innovative culinary programs – to housekeeping, plant operations and landscaping, we enrich the lives of seniors every day. to do that, we need the best and brightest to work with us. we’re seeking talented people who have a passion for seniors. we’re making a difference every day. are you ready to join us? full time associates at morrison community living are offered many fantastic benefits such as:"
"you can pick things up and put them down !may lift xx-xxlbs consistently while twisting, reaching, and bending."
you care about guests. (quality. the bar is high.)
you care for others. (teamwork and success. they are one and the same.)
you create ‘wow’ moments that have a positive and lasting impact on our customers.
"you currently go to college and lead a student group, club, or sport"
"you currently work in a restaurant as a leader or trainer, but want something more out of your experience"
"you enjoy interacting with people all day and making things easy for others…. interacting with guests, solving concerns and making the guests day better is core of what we do"
you enjoy variety in your work and don’t mind trying new things
"you have a flexible schedule and dont mind rotating shifts including nights, weekends, and holidays."
· follow theestablished us polo assn. policies and procedures to maintain a fair andconsistent work environment as well as delivering superior operationalexecution and financial results.
"· friendly,courteous attitude with customers, co-workers, and managers – people who likepeople!"
"· have great communication skills and a professional, friendly attitude"
" knowledge of all hotel or hospital outlets, meeting rooms, amenities as well as main attractions in the area, parking rates, etc."
 maintain accuracy and composure while under pressure
" maintain clean, neat work environment including all surrounding areas of cashier booth, parking area, trash receptacles and ash urns"
" maintain pleasant, friendly and professional demeanor with all guests, locaton (or client) staff and co-workers"
 maintains the security of customer financial and indentifying information
 monitor revenue per available space and make adjustments accordingly
" must be able to competently operate equipment (ie, register, gate, credit card machine, etc.)"
" must be able to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations to guests, clients and other employees of the organization"
" must be able to read and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence and memos"
 must be able to read and write standard english language
 must be able to regularly lift and/or move up to xx pounds frequently and up to xx pounds occasionally
" must be able to regularly use hands to finger, handle, feel; reach with hands and arms and talk or hear"
 must be able to retain prior knowledge of daily events and rates to be charged
" must be able to stand during entire shift, occasionally sit, climb or balance, stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl"
 must be able to understand xx hour and military time systems
 must be able to write simple correspondence
" must have close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perceptions, and ability to adjust focus"
 practice preventative safety procedures as set forth by ehs
 protect guest confidentiality in accordance with hippa requirements
 register/computer experience preferred
 knowledge of site specific safety and security procedures
 identify and collect revenue for overnight vehicles that have not been charged for parking
 report all potential high risk areas and safety concerns to manager
 high school diploma or general education degree (ged); or one to three months related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience
…believe in the power of diversity and inclusion;
…take a sense of pride and ownership in helping drive positive results for a team;
…want to participate in initiatives that positively impact the world around you;
" ability to add and subtract three digit numbers and to multiply and divide with xx’s and xxx’s; ability to perform these operations using units of american money and weight measurement, volume and distance"
 accurately categorize tickets for audit purposes
 accurately complete shift report
 acknowledge and greet guests immediately while maintaining a professional and friendly demeanor
 appropriately use salutation of the day and welcome guests to the location (or client)
 assist guests with directions and all other inquiries
 aware of all the parking high risk areas for claims prevention
 clearly understand rates applicable to time passed
 collect and reconcile revenue accurately; furnish receipt upon request
 complete all tasks in a timely manner as instructed by manager
 customer service experience preferred
 execute all terms and conditions as set forth in ehs’ employee handbook and compass check
 flexible and long hours sometimes required
 follows all appearance standards as set forth by ehs
" follows all attendance standards as set forth by ehs, as required by the scheduling which may vary according to the needs of the location (or client)"
" for insurance purposes, must be at least xx years of age and be able to pass a criminal background check and drug screen"
 report all accidents and incidents observed on shift to guest service coordinator and manager immediately
 responsibility of bank
"· help maintain a neat, clean, organized store, which includes sweeping, dusting, straightening of merchandise on store fixtures and displays."
 maintain the complete financial records for the food service site.
 maintains a solid knowledge of products and services available in unit
 must be available to work in the a.m.
 must have reliable transportation
" operate necessary kitchen equipment. (mixers, ovens, etc.)"
" operates a cash register and receives payment from customers in cash or credit card, accurately"
 order and maintain necessary baker and cashier supplies.
 participate in special projects as assigned and perform related duties and key responsibilities consistent with the scope and intent of the position.
 perform other duties as assigned.
" positive, outgoing and courteous is a must"
 possess knowledge of and adhere to governing policies and district regulations and procedures.
 prepare all recipes according to recipe standards
" prepare quick breads, yeast breads and desserts according to standardized recipes."
 preparing orders quickly and correctly
" requires the ability to bend, twist, and stand to perform normal job functions"
 requires the ability to lift/push objects weighing over xx lbs
" requires the ability to speak, read and comprehend instructions, short correspondence and policy"
 strong organizational skills and ability to multitask
 supervise the use of tickets in the line.
 willingness to learn and strive for growth within the company
 maintain the highest standards of sanitation and safety in the kitchen.
" have a flexible schedule. must be available to work weekends, nights, and holidays"
 stand while serving guests
" greeting and welcoming all customers with a smile, and has a friendly demeanor"
 use ehs proper phone etiquette
 use guest last name at all times when appropriate
 uses only equipment trained to use and operate all equipment in a safe manner
 a sense of urgency
 ability to work under pressure and multi-task in a fast paced environment
 assist manager in adapting recipes to fit needed quantities.
" assists in locating, reconciling, and verifying the accuracy of transactions and operate equipment with"
 cash handling and customer service experience preferred
 cleans and stocks work area
 collect and verify all money collected during the day and prepare deposit.
 collect money and tickets for the daily lunch.
 communicate known changes regarding free and reduced applications to the food service office.
 complete the daily meal and cash report necessary to produce the monthly state and federal reimbursement reports.
 current ca food handler's card required
" demonstrates the ability to interact with the public and coworkers in a friendly, enthusiastic and"
 detail oriented
 fast food or retail experience is preferred
" friendly, responsible, honest, helpful, dependable & fast learners"
…are excited to deliver great values to customers every day;
…are committed to treating colleagues and customers with respect;
‣project a professional appearance and a positive attitude at all times in the restaurant
"· must have at least x year retail and cashier experience. experience in specialty retail, outdoor equipment or apparel sales, or fitness equipment or apparel sales strongly preferred."
· must have strong verbal and written communication skills
· paid holidays
· paid personal time off (pto)
· perform related work as assigned.
· perform ticketingand security tagging for product control and protection.
· performs opening and/or closing duties
· positive personality
· problem solve and use good judgment
· process shipment and ensure merchandise is represented on sales floor.
· proficiency in the operation of a cash register.
· provide product and brand knowledge to all customers.
· provide that criticalfirst impression to our guests and have a natural passion for deliveringexceptional service.
· sales-oriented
· schedulingavailability nights and weekends
· self-motivated
"· set an example of top notch service and barista skills every day, including:"
· solidinterpersonal and communication skills
"· specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust and focus."
· stock merchandise.
· must have strong organizational skills
· must have advanced verbal and intermediate written english communication skills
‣prepares and presents quality products at all times and maintains a neat and clean work area
· must consistently provide the highest standard of customer service while keeping focused on team objectives and excel in individual sales.
· high degree of interpersonal skills.
· high school graduate or equivalent.
· housekeeping.
· inform management of any out of stock situations.
· inform ourcustomers of current promotions as well as new product recently received.
"· is flexible to work all shifts, including special events"
· know basic store layout to assist customers in their selection of product and be able to answer customer questions about the entire store.
"· maintain an awareness of all product knowledge information, merchandise promotions and advertisements."
· maintain brand and operational standards.
"· maintain high quality customer service by greeting, selling, and servicing of all customers."
· maintain lp policies and procedures.
· maintain personal and productivity goals.
"· maintain salesfloor and stockroom standards to project an attractive and safe shoppingenvironment. this maintenance includes sales floors, fitting rooms, as well ascash wrap area."
· maintainflexibility in a fast paced high-energy environment
· maintains training materials and procedures manuals
· medical/dental/ vision- xx% company pays
· meets and exceeds sales goals.
· minimum x years barista or bartending experience required
· must be able to converse with customers on a variety of outdoor activities. must be able to effectively and efficiently multi-task
· takes action to guarantee customer satisfaction
· team oriented andcollaborative
"· the assemblage offers excellent benefits upon your second month of employment including medical, dental, vision, eap, and xxxk"
"· the employee is frequently required to stand, walk, use hands and fingers to handle and feel objects, tools, or controls; and stoop, crawl, kneel, or crouch."
ü keep all callers on hold up to date on the progress of their call
ü keep credit card machine balanced and make sure supplies are on hand
ü make sure cash drawer is amply supplied -order change when necessary
ü scan daily - keep current
ü take messages if required and transfer to voice mail
"“bāng” means bread in korean, and the menu is built around flatbread and vertical spits of roasted meats. located on the third floor of the shops at columbus circle, bāng bar serves breakfast and lunch."
"“i firmly believe that our people are the most important asset we have. everyone has heard me say “our people are my #x priority” which is the simple belief that only our people can make our customers and clients love us. i know if we take care of our people, they will take care of our customers.” -david lanci, nexdine ceo"
• build loyalty by ensuring customers have a positive final touchpoint during the ikea shopping experience
"• collect and processes payment from customer and enters into register system (includes applying coupons, providing change and receipts) • package customer purchases for removal from the store (includes wrapping, bagging)"
"• package customer purchases for removal from the store (includes wrapping, bagging) • ensure all items intended for purchase are identified and properly scanned • execute activities related to store initiatives to offer customers additional products and services (e.g., special sale items, credit card applications) • return misplaced product, customer returns, and other product gathered in the front-end to the correct location in the store • perform additional duties as required including, but not limited to, stocking, freight processing, price changes and cart retrieval"
"• package customer purchases for removal from the store (includes wrapping, bagging) • ensure all items intended for purchase are identified and properly scanned • execute activities related to store initiatives to offer customers additional products and services (e.g., special sale items, credit card applications) • return misplaced product, customer returns, and other product gathered in the front-end to the correct location in the store • perform additional duties as required including, but not limited to, stocking, freight processing, price changes and cart retrieval education/experience/qualifications: • high school diploma or equivalent desired • x-x years of retail experience desired • effective communication and customer service skills • readily adjusts schedule, tasks, and priorities when necessary to meet business needs"
"• process customer transactions through the register and customer service desk • collect and processes payment from customer and enters into register system (includes applying coupons, providing change and receipts)"
‣ability to learn in a fast paced environment
‣attends special meetings as scheduled by the restaurant manager
‣dependability is a must
‣displays a sense of urgency throughout shift
"‣job responsibilities of this role may involve exerting up to xx pounds of force occasionally, and/or up to xx pounds of force frequently, and/or up to xx pounds of force constantly to move objects."
‣maintains adequately stocked workstations restocking stations as needed
‣meets reasonable expectations as established by the operations standards manuals
"ü collect, count and receipt incoming money"
"ü close out service orders, mark posted"
ü channel call to proper person
"· while performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand."
· the employee is occasionally be required to climb ladders and balance.
· the employee must frequently lift and/or move up to xx lbs. and occasionally lift and/or move up to xx lbs.
· the noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
· trains incoming service staff
"· understand how to sell lottery tickets, mass transportation tickets and telephone calling cards."
· union / $xx.xx per hour (increased after xx days + annual increase)
· updates and posts all café signage
· vacation days/ pto
· will assist customers when needed. will multi-task as necessary without compromising customer service.
ü assist in other administrative duties as needed
"· will attend store meetings, complete training, and attend clinics to gain a strong knowledge of the products and policies surrounding the company’s warranty program to answer customer questions. will explain the benefits of the north face product and services."
· will perform other tasks as assigned.
"· willingness to pick up shifts, as needed"
· x year retail sales and cashiering
· years of related professional experience: x+.
·retail or client/customer service experience a plus
"épicerie boulud is hiring a full time cashier/barista/retail specialist. épicerie boulud is chef daniel’s eat-in/take-out casual market that offers fresh baked breads and a selection of artisanal cheeses alongside homemade soups, salads, sandwiches, cookies, pastries, and more. the épicerie is an all-day market serving breakfast, lunch, and dinner items as well as beer and wine. the retail specialist position will at different times be responsible for working the cashier, preparing coffee & tea orders, taking orders and preparing sandwiches and other hot food orders, all while ensuring an excellent guest experience and maintaining store cleanliness. the ideal candidate is comfortable working in a fast paced, high volume environment and has prior retail, barista and/or food service experience. he/she should always exemplify the highest standards of excellence in hospitality, cleanliness, and guest service. if you are a match, we invite you to apply! please send us your updated resume. the dinex group is an equal opportunity employer. more detail about épicerie boulud - world trade center part of the dinex group, the restaurant group of chef daniel boulud"
ü answer phone promptly and politely
xxxk program
xxxk flexible schedules
working knowledge of microsoft excel - will be trained on dealership computer system and other office machines necessary to perform your cashiering/clerical duties.
x. cashing and keeping cash records.
x. check dates for expired products
x. clean and organize the kids play area from time to time.
x. cleaning related tasks.
"x. cleans, wipes, dusts all areas"
"x. clear tables of dirty dishes, glassware, utensils, metal trays, napkins, disposable cups, and flatware to ensure readiness for next guests."
"x. college and/or university transcripts showing the awarded/conferred degree (if applicable) are required and must be submitted with the online application by all applicants, including current or former employees of the college, to demonstrate that the required educational qualifications are met. unofficial transcripts are acceptable at the time of application; however, copies of diplomas are not accepted in lieu of transcripts.   health & welfare:"
"x. communicates with third party contract vendors and federal and state agencies to verify deferment authorizations, arrange payments, or resolve discrepancies as needed."
x. compose correspondence and reports independently or from brief instructions.
"x. computer applications related to work, including word processing, database, and spreadsheet software."
x. conduct informal surveys and queries.
x. coordinate and participate in the processing and verification of incoming monies and receipting processes.
"x. coordinates daily functions, operations, and activities in the cashier’s office, including preparing, securing, monitoring, reconciling, and analyzing all college collections such as tuition, parking permits, and other miscellaneous fees and payments."
x. count and return proper change while operating computerized cash register.
"x. creates and maintains reports and summaries related to student accounts; reviews, balances, and reconciles accounts and financial reports."
"x. current principles, practices, and methods of public accounting and finance in a public agency."
x. date you can start working
x. deliver exemplary guest service by greeting guests in a prompt and courteous manner throughout their dining experience.
x. delivering and picking up tray carts on nursing units.
x. delivering patient menus.
"x. chaffers, utensils, napkins, plates etc."
x. cash out register
x. demonstrate menu and product knowledge and utilize that knowledge to enthusiastically make recommendations and answer guest questions.
x. call to discuss detail of compensation
x-x yrs business experience preferably in medical related field
x-xx. after one year you can have the opportunity to transfer to another location in the united
"x-year retail sales associate, cashier/cash handling, merchandiser, or inventory specialist experience preferred, to include greeting customers, stocking, merchandising, managing inventory, or replenishment"
x. a cover letter describing how the applicant meets the required education and experience.
x. a detailed résumé that summarizes educational preparation and professional experience for the position.
x. ability to demonstrate teamwork
x. ability to speak effectively with customers
x. ability to work quickly and within strict timelines
x. accurately and efficiently perform data entry tasks associated with players club memberships.
"x. all information is posted on here. if you call and don't know what job you're applying for, immediate disqualification."
"x. applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations, regulatory codes, ordinances, and college policies and procedures relevant to assigned area of responsibility."
x. applications will only be accepted in person (walk-ins welcome)
x. apply the blueox neighborhood markets pledge of service criteria to each transaction.
x. assist in other departments as needed.
x. automated accounting application and finance systems; computer software related to accounts receivable.
x. basic principles and practices of providing technical and functional direction and training to assigned staff.
x. be consistently available during regular business hours. physical demands
x. become an expert of the player tracking system software.
x. break down of breakfast and salad bar
x. delivering patient menus. required for the position:
"x. english usage, spelling, vocabulary, grammar, and punctuation."
x-x years of retail experience desired
"x. if you do not intend on coming in to apply, please do not call and waste my time. this is a professional environment let's keep it that way."
x. lots of hours available
"x. maintains an awareness of customers to both increase service levels and reduce security risks; remains current on policies regarding payment and exchanges, and security practices."
"x. make accurate arithmetic, financial, and statistical computations."
x. making cake boxes.
x. must be able to properly identify food by sight and accurately and efficiently input an order using the pos (point-of-sale) system.
x. must be able to work at times with minimum amount of supervision.
x. must be able to work the majority of the shift standing
x. must be flexible to work weekends and holidays.
x. must be xx years of age or older
x. must display superior people skills and project mature presence and confidence.
x. must have a ready smile and willingness to make a connection with each guest.
x. must have experience operating an espresso machine. (barista experience preferred)
x. must have x year of customer service/ cash handling experience
"x. must possess and maintain thorough knowledge of all special events, promotions, advertising campaigns and community events."
x. operate a cash register in a fast pace environment.
x. order necessary products
x. order taking.
"x. organize and prioritize a variety of projects and multiple tasks in an effective and timely manner; organize own work, set priorities, and meet critical time deadlines."
x. other duties as assigned/required.
"x. interpret, apply, explain, and ensure compliance with applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations, policies and procedures of accounting and basic student account processes."
"x. identify and gather information on valuable guests through observation, analysis, personal contact and service."
"x. ensures the visual packet materials, props and signage are received and processed in a timely manner, properly stores stockroom hardware, hangers, sign holders, etc."
x. high school diploma or equivalent
x. enter and retrieve data from a computer with sufficient speed and accuracy to perform assigned work.
"x. establish and maintain a variety of filing, record keeping, and tracking systems."
"x. establish, maintain, and research student account records and other related accounting records and files."
"x. evaluate and make recommendations for improvements in operations, procedures, policies, or methods."
x. excellent communication skills
x. excellent communication skills.
x. excellent customer service skills
x. excellent guest service and interpersonal skills.
"x. execute guest loyalty, relationships and direct marketing programs. provide services to respond to guest requirements."
"x. financial operations of community college operations such as accounts receivable, tuition, financial aid, and other student fees and revenue sources."
x. food protection license is mandatory
x. free meal and the best boba tea
x. friendly and personable
x. greet and register customers when they visit and perform cashier functions
x. greets and assists customers; responds to customer inquiries and complaints in a professional and timely manner; resolves customer questions/concerns to their satisfaction. resolve customer questions/concerns to their satisfaction; keeps abreast of guiding principles and pos system changes.
"x. handles a variety of difficult customer situations and disputes using tact, diplomacy, and patience to defuse irate/angry customers. may intervene, as necessary, on the behalf of other office staff."
x. has reliable transportation and can be contacted by phone.
"x. have a strong interest in health food, an outgoing, engaging personality, and a working knowledge of computers."
x. high energy with ability to work in a high-volume environment on a consistent basis.
x-x years’ experience in a store environment
"x-x years of retail cashier, retail sales, or cash-handling experience preferred"
xxxk + employer match
www.facebook.com/carthaycafe
www.theassemblage.com
"x - x years of server, cashier or combination of experience in a restaurant or customer service establishment."
x day work week
"x days/week - must be available on fri, sat, sunday night"
x hour shift
x months customer service or guest service experience preferred.
x months experience as a cashier.
"x months experience as a cashier. if the state or local municipality requires a salesperson license for this position, you must either be licensed or pass the requisite licensing exam within sixty (xx) days of starting employment in this position. lowe’s is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law."
"x months experience identifying and selling products based on customer needs, including credit cards, installations, add-on sales, and explaining warranties, product features, and benefits."
"x months experience using a computer, including inputting, accessing, modifying, or outputting information."
"x months experience using a handheld device (e.g., mobile phone, lrt gun, palm pilot, tablet, ipod) to enter, access, and output information."
"x months experience using a handheld device (e.g., mobile phone, lrt gun, palm pilot, tablet, ipod) to enter, access, and output information. preferred qualifications"
x months experience working in any department at a lowe's retail store.
x months of experience required
"x months of experience using a computer, including inputting, accessing, modifying, or outputting information."
"x months of experience using a handheld device (e.g., mobile phone, lrt gun, palm pilot, tablet, ipod) to enter, access, and output information. preferred qualifications"
"x months of retail experience detecting common signs of shoplifting (e.g., merchandise hidden inside of containers, merchandise under carts, price labels switched)."
x months retail experience.
x months supervisory experience.
www.playdatecafebayside.com
"wse, sommelier, or other industry certification preferred"
x plus years in customer service / cash register environment
write and issue violation warnings to tenants and visitors that violate garage policies.
working knowledge of microsoft office suite
working under pressure - ability to complete assigned tasks under stressful situations.
working understanding and application of all merchandising expectations within the department and a specific focus on attention to detail.
working understanding of and compliance with all customer service security polices and wfm policies and procedures.
working while standing for long periods of time
working with a team
works as a member of a team to accomplish goals set forth in the store
"works effectively with others (individuals and departments) in a positive, supportive and cooperative manner. helps other associates in their duties and assists new associates in learning their new job skills. communicates any issues of concerns and ensures all internal matters are presented to gm in a timely manner."
works effectively with peers and supervisors to accomplish tasks
works to ensure a clean and sanitary work area at all times.
works to make a specific impression on our clients
"works with department managers to keep abreast of new products and services offered, their features and value, and any changes in price."
world class training
world class training requirements:
would be responsible and trained for opening and closing store procedure
would you like to represent two of the world’s most recognized luxury brands?
"would you like to serve your community daily? do you thrive in a friendly, positive and cooperative work environment? do you enjoy making connections with customers and solving issues smoothly? if so, apply today! when you work for greenstar, you join the worldwide food co-op movement. we work hard and have fun! we value growth and development for our staff in a culture of respect. we also offer industry-leading wages and generous benefits. our mobile-friendly application process takes minutes!"
"wrap, label, or date food items for sale."
wraps and handles the merchandise with care
x to x days
"x-x years of retail cashier, retail sales or cash-handling experience preferred, but not required"
x years of cashier experience in a customer service retail environment. gas station experience is preferred.
x+ year of previous cashier experience
x+ year of work experience; preferably in a high volume restaurant or retail environment
x+ year(s) of proven superior customer service experience
x+ years experience working in a similar role in the industry
x+ years of experience as a cashier in a high volume transactional role. (large retail environment)
x+ years of experience in a restaurant environment
x+ years working experience as cashier in retail or dining
x-eleven is seeking sales associates that are able to work various shifts per week and available weekdays and weekends.
x-x months of related experience
x-x months of retail experience
x-x shifts a week that can start from either:
x-x year of food handling experience.
x-x years accounts payable and general accounting experience
x-x years cashier experiences
x-x years of experience
x-x years of experience in food service completing tasks with general direction
x-x years of previous cashier/retail sales experience is preferred
x-x years of retail cashier and/or retail sales experience preferred
x-x years of retail cashier and/or retail sales experience preferred click here to review our rewards & benefits information dick’s sporting goods is an equal opportunity employer.
"x+ year of experience as a supervisor in a retail setting, with experience leading a cashier team preferred"
x years cashiering experience preferred. general reminders:
x to x year related experience.
x year(s): cashier
x weeks crepe training period.
x year cash handling experience required physical requirements
x year of cashier experience
x year of experience as a head cashier.
"x year of experience identifying and selling products based on customer needs, including credit cards, installations, add-on sales, protection plans, and explaining warranties, product features, and benefits."
"x year of experience in a customer service position at a home improvement or hardware retailer in related department (e.g., kitchen, plumbing, electrical, lawn and garden)."
x year of experience in a quick service restaurant.
x year of experience required
x year of experience working in any department at a lowe's retail store.
x year of recent food service and cashiering work experience or any combination of experience and education that would demonstrate the capability to perform the duties
x year of retail experience as a cashier.
"x year of retail experience identifying and selling products based on customer needs, including credit cards, installations, add-on sales, and explaining warranties, product features, and benefits."
"x year of retail experience in related department (e.g., kitchen, plumbing, electrical, lawn and garden)."
"x year of retail experience providing customer service, including identifying and resolving customer issues, assisting customers in locating product, greeting customers, answering phones, building relationships with customers, and thanking customers for their business."
x year of retail experience.
"x year of retail merchandising experience, including performing zone recovery, stocking, down stocking, facing/fronting product, pricing, maintaining signage, and housekeeping."
x year of serving experience in a fast paced restaurant
"x year of supervisory experience in any field, including directing, delegating, evaluating, training, and coaching employees."
"x year of supervisory experience in any field, including directing, evaluating, and coaching employees."
x. other duties as assigned/required. qualifications:
x. participates in pricing changes and mark-downs; presents merchandise according to pricing and visual standards and direction.
"x. performs various sales and register transactions including ringing purchases, processing of cash or credit payments and counting money."
xx. extracts and downloads information to prepare reports and audit accuracy of data.
"xx. learns and applies emerging technologies as necessary to perform duties in an efficient, organized, and timely manner."
xx. maintain inventory and orderly and neat presentation of retail merchandise.
"xx. maintains student accounts, receives monies, clears holds if applicable, and enters appropriate data and makes adjustments as needed; reviews and cancels pending student credit card transactions as appropriate; places and releases holds for financial obligations; analyzes, places, and corrects waivers; applies holds on student records as needed; researches, authorizes, and processes student refunds."
xx. opening and closing duties as assigned and complete daily checklists.
xx. operate modern office equipment including computer equipment and specialized software application programs.
"xx. participates on committees, task forces, and special assignments, including, but not limited to screening and selection committees and affiliated trainings. prepares and delivers oral presentations related to assigned areas if needed."
xx. perform duties related to stocking of inventory.
xx. perform other job related duties as necessary. physical requirements:
xx. performs other related or lower classification duties as assigned.
"xx. performs specialized duties in the student accounts module within the enterprise application system including managing student accounts, performing enterprise application systems procedure testing, and setting up new fees/payment codes as necessary."
"xx. prepares irs form xxxx-t filing information. coordinates with third party vendor annually; prepares duplicate, replacement and corrected xxxx-t forms for students."
xx. provides technical and functional direction to other department staff including providing guidance and assistance in problem resolution.
"xx. regular attendance is essential to this position in order to ensure adequate coverage to meet company objectives. ability to work a flexible work schedule, including nights, weekends, and holidays is required."
xx. researches and resolves issues with student accounts related to student fee processes.
"xx. responsible for stocking supplies including, but not limited to, glassware, paper products, utensils, and packaged food products."
"xx. return dirty dishes, silverware and glassware to dishwashing area, sorting silverware, glassware and other items, placing them in the prescribed area for proper disposition."
xx. review situations accurately and determine appropriate course of action using judgment according to established policies and procedures.
"xx. techniques for providing a high level of customer service by effectively dealing with the public, vendors, students, and staff, including individuals of various ages, abilities, socio-economic and ethnic groups."
xx. understand scope of authority in making independent decisions.
xx. follows all standard operating procedures and cash handling procedures.
xx. exposure to visual merchandising and product placement techniques desired
xx. work as part of the restaurant team to assist with and respond to guests’ and team members’ needs.
"xx. exercises appropriate discretion in carrying out duties to include maintaining security and confidentiality of student account records mandated by family educational rights and privacy act (ferpa) regulations, and in accordance with state, federal, and local laws and regulations, and college policies and procedures."
xx% discount when dining as a guest
xx% employee discount
"xx% of employee dependent premium paid for on selected plan on medical, dental and vision."
xx% off at our restaurants and butcher shops;
xx% off employee discount
xx% off your purchase at all family brands
xx+ required
xx- xx hours per week (x shifts available)
xx-dec-xxxx
xx-xx hours per week
xx-xx hours weekly
xx-xx queens blvd
xx. attends and participates in various meetings as assigned.
"xx. clear carts/counters of dishes, debris, etc., and regularly clean the service areas throughout the restaurant; including guest food line, floors, counters, dining areas, patios, and restrooms."
"xx. communicate with customers, associates, and management; wear / communicate with headset; stand and maneuver around sales floor and stockroom; operate register; lift and carry xx pounds; hang / fold merchandise; climb, reach, push / pull, and clean"
"xx. consults and coordinates with admissions and records, financial aid, and other departments across campus on business process changes, as a result of system updates, researches these changes for potential problems, and develops and implements solutions."
"xx. creates processes that generate student refunds and performs other technological functions as needed. xx. receives, counts, and reconciles registration monies (cash and cash equivalent). posts funds collected to appropriate accounts and categories. verifies and reconciles revenue categories on cash summary reports, ensuring accuracy and detail for audit trail purposes."
xx. effectively communicate with management and other team members to promptly address issues and resolve concerns.
"xx. establish, maintain, and foster positive and effective working relationships with those contacted in the course of work."
"xx. use english effectively to communicate in person, over the telephone, and in writing."
xx.adhere to company policy pertaining to excessive cash in registers and request cash pickup in accordance with company policy.
x. pick up and clean-up of catering orders
"xxx the grove drive, #k-xx"
xxx wolf road #xxx
xxx% (required)
"xxx% of the employee premium paid for on selected plans on medical, dental and vision."
xxx(k) and roth ira plans with immediate vesting and employer match up to x%
"xxx(k) company match, stock purchase discounts"
xxx(k) plan *
xxx(k) plan after xx days of employment
xxx(k) retirement plan
xxx(k) retirement program
xxx(k) retirement savings plan with a generous company match
xxx(k) retirement support
xxx(k) with a company match
xxx(k) with company match
xxx(k) with generous company match
xxx(k) with matching by company
"xxx(k) with matching contributions grow far with love's as a family-based company, we are committed to adhering to our values. ensuring that each and every one of our people succeed is central to these values. the road to success program offers leadership and management skills training. if management is your path, we’ll help you get there. as a merit-based culture, we champion creative and valuable ideas and hard work is not only recognized, but rewarded. whether you’re looking for part-time work to supplement your income or to grow into a leadership role, with love’s, all roads lead to success! apply today!"
"xxx(k), hsa, fsa, pre-tax commuter benefits"
xxx-xx continental avenue
xxx.xxx.xxxx
xxx voice road
"xxx south doheny drive, los angeles, ca xxxxx"
"xx.control excessive use of store supplies, such as ribbons, receipt tape, bags and cleaning materials."
"xxx s.figueroa ave. -- los angeles, ca xxxxx"
xx.observe security standards by staying alert and being aware of customers’ actions and behavior. report to manager or security any abnormal behavior.
xx.order and stock candy and cigarettes according to plan-o-grams and keep merchandise rotated in accordance with store policy and product code dates and pull all out-of-code merchandise (when assigned).
xx.perform all other duties as assigned. requirements qualifications: effective communication and customer service skills.
"xx.process all various types of sales transactions accepted by the store including but not necessarily limited to cash, checks, authorized accounts receivable sales, electronic payments, wic coupons, food stamps, manufacturers’ coupons, gift certificates, bottle deposits, bottle refunds, merchandise refunds, etc., in strict accordance with established company policies and procedures including full compliance with any legal requirements or regulations governing same. if applicable and service center trained, process lottery, western union, utility etc. transactions."
"xx.record on designated forms any price discrepancies and/or any “not on file” items that are encountered on electronic point-of-sale terminal, request price checks promptly on any such items according to company policy."
xx.secure register at all times when leaving it unattended; protect company assets at all times.
"xx.sweep floors during store hours and assist in other maintenance duties such as cleaning break rooms, rest rooms as assigned."
xx.verify all customer ids presented and observe store policies pertaining to the acceptance of checks and the sale of tobacco/alcoholic beverages.
xx.x hours.
xx/xx/xxxx application deadline
xx/xx/xxxx full consideration by job category
xx:xx am - x pm
xx:xxam - x:xxpm
xxpm - xxam
xxx (k) plan
xxx bellevue way
"xxx east xx st street la grange park il,xxxxx general summary"
"xxx n. mcclurg ct. chicago, il xxxxx (streeterville neighborhood/downtown)"
xxx north michigan avenue
xx% discount on purchased meals
xx% discount on meal during shift
xx% discount for you and one other family member in your household on all purchases made at sprouts
x. shift availability
x. some ad hoc tasks during the day
"x. specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth"
"x. stocking all departments (grab n go, coffee, breakfast & lunch bar, bottled coolers, retail, hot wells)"
"x. stocking items. rainbow cone need seasonal employees on nights and weekends, especially weekend nights, typically x:xxpm to xxpm. a typical work week for our employees is xx to xx hours per week. all employees are required to work rainbow cone’s outdoor events and some holidays and need to be able to physically work on their feet for at least x hours at a time as well as work in hot and cold temps."
"x. store closing tasks, washing dishes, cleaning table and floors and organize and kids play area."
x. strong organizational skills and ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment
x. take guest beverage and dessert items orders and provide beverage items prior to completing the transaction.
x. the ability to adhere to our core values and the five promises of a great team member. specific functions and duties:
"x. the ability to consistently maintain a clean, professional, and presentable appearance and demeanor."
"x. the employee is frequently required to stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl."
x. the employee is occasionally required to sit and climb or balance.
x. the employee must frequently lift and/or move up to xx pounds.
x. total hours you are willing to work per week
x. total weekly hours you would like to work
x. two letters of recommendation that reflect relevant experience (do not use social media or professional networks as a means to provide letters of recommendation).
"x. weekends are a must. if you can't work weekends, please move on."
"x. while performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms and talk or hear."
x. wipe and clean tables with designated cleaner.
x. wiping down counters.
x. shift availability (days and hours)
"x. setting up, opening, and closing of cafeteria and/or mini deli."
xx% (preferred)
x. setting up catered functions and delivering coffee.
x. possess a strong degree of ownership over completion of tasks.
x. practice honesty in the workplace.
"x. preparation and serving of sufficient hot and cold food for patients, cafeteria and catering and/or mini deli areas."
"x. prepare juice, smoothies, coffees and snack foods for the customers"
x. prepares and processes a variety of documents involved in financial transactions; records and reconciles credit card transactions.
x. previous stock or cashier experience preferred
x. principles and practices of cash handling procedures.
"x. processes freight ensuring items are properly stored, ticketed and easily located for replenishment for the sales floor, reorganizes merchandise as needed to maximize stock space. x. correctly enters all receiving documents into the computer system, reconciles merchandise invoices to items received as applicable. accurately and timely completes store-to-store transfers and locate requests."
"x. provide knowledgeable, outstanding customer service."
"x. provides direction in financial and cash management, interprets college policies and procedures."
"x. provides quality customer service through timely and effective communication to students and other departments regarding student account issues, policies, and procedures."
x. receive phone calls and take phone orders accurately and efficiently while maintaining guest service standards.
"x. record and report database information to management, may assist in updating database files."
"x. record keeping, information processing requirements, policies and procedures related to the maintenance of student accounts and payments."
x. refill soda and drinks or bring additional drinks to guests as needed; expedite and run food to guest as needed.
"x. replenishing food and supplies in cafeteria, catering and/or patient food service areas."
x. responds to student inquiries regarding their accounts and fees; assists students with related questions on the phone and/or in person.
x. rotate products
"x. schedules, assigns, oversees, trains, and provides work direction to assigned staff."
"x. within all programs and executions, increase value of the brand of del lago – excellence, excitement, homegrown hospitality."
x. working with energetic and happy team!
x. wrapping cones.
"x. you are diplomatic and wise in communication. you often think about and have a good understanding of the impact your words, body language, and attitude have on people. you are naturally aware what and when might be good, or not good, to say. please take a minute to think about the above qualities and ask yourself if this kind of workplace that will push you to project them is what you are looking for. we respect that everyone does not have the same preference when it comes to this. we think it is very important to come to work with joy- and we strongly believe that people who would not find themselves at home with the above qualities will not enjoy working here and would not prosper. special instructions please do not send any emails, resumes, or call."
x.work within our company’s management planning (mpp) guidelines to maintain productivity.
x:xx - x:xxpm
x:xx pm - xx pm
x:xx- xx:xxpm
x:xxam to x:xxpm
"x:xxpm - xx:xxpm (fri, sat ~xx:xxpm) + cleaning xx-xx mins"
"xam-xpm- $xx.xx-xx.xx/hr - x days, xx hours"
xpm - x:xxam
"xpm-xxpm - $xx.xx-xx.xx/hr - x days, xx hours"
xx am to x pm
xx and older
xx flsa status
xx hour gas station. be mindful we never close regardless of the weather.
"xx percent of the job consist of collecting payment and returning change. employee will accept clothes, spot clothes for marks, schedule a pickup and ticket the items and sort the items by color."
"xx route xx nyack, ny xxxxx"
xx years of age or older required
xx years or old preferred
xx years or older additional info:
"x.treat all associates with fairness, dignity, and respect."
x.support and comply with all company safety standards. communicate any needed equipment repairs or maintenance work needed. keep work area free from debris and safety hazards.
x.record (scan) the purchases of a customer into the cash register efficiently and accurately.
x.collect money in the forms of cash or checks from customers and tender accurate change in accordance with company policies and procedures.
"x. you are humble. if you can't admit weakness, confess mistakes or ask for help from others, this will be a difficult place to work. everyone makes mistakes, but being able to accept it and let the more experienced team members teach us, will make a big difference in our ability to learn and grow."
"x. you are passionate about personal growth. you know you want to learn, grow and prosper and you are ready to make efforts to improve yourself along the way and keep planning and dreaming up ways on how to better yourself. you always strive to accomplish more even when others don' see anything else that needs to be done."
"x. you have integrity. you understand guests and team members depend on your best behavior, and you are excited to deliver it in a disciplined manner for common good."
x.assist in special projects and perform other functions as assigned by supervision.
x.bag or package merchandise according to established company policies and procedures.
"x.be able to handle a variety of substances associated with cleaning materials, packaging materials, fresh fruits, vegetables, house plants/flowers and household cleaners."
"x.bend and lift products weighing up to xx pounds continuously, xx pounds frequently, and xx pounds on occasion."
x.clean check-stands daily and assist in prompt cleanup of spills and breakage.
"x.continuous fine finger motions such as pinching, grasping when handling money."
"x.recognize or differentiate between all of the various types of produce merchandise carried in the store, including differences between varieties of similar classes of products (e.g., apples, lettuces, etc.)."
"x.have sufficient visual acuity to check identification cards, checks, invoices and other written documents."
"x.if trained, occasionally fill in for the customer service center associate, which requires processing lottery, western union, utility etc., transactions."
"x.maintain a neat, well-groomed personal appearance at all times and follow company personal appearance policy."
"x.must be able to meet the physical requirements of the position, with or without reasonable accommodations. duties and responsibilities: x.provide outstanding friendly customer service."
x.observe and follow all company policies and established procedures.
"x.occasionally fill in for the customer service associate, which requires working in and out of inclement weather, gathering up to five shopping carts and pushing them to designated areas (when necessary)."
x.perform accurate price check function.
x.push or pull up to xx pounds on occasion.
"understand, abide by and implement all policies and procedures"
understand the operation of the cash register and follow all cash handling procedures.
responsibilities and duties:
skills and qualifications (continued):
skills include but are not limited to:
"skills is free for job seekers. any job seeker who skills determines is a match for the role is interviewed by a member of skills’ talent acquisition team and provided with additional insights into the role. as you move through the hiring process, skills is your advocate with the hiring company."
skills required
"skills required: applicants must possess a valid nys driver’s license and a high school diploma or ged. prior cashier/customer service experience preferred. must be flexible for shift work, all days, including holidays. employment is contingent upon successful completion of pre- employment physical, drug screening and background checks."
skills requirement
skills/aptitude:
skills/competencies/certifications:
skills/qualifications:
sleeveless shirts/tank tops not allowed
"small batch barbecue in forest park, il is looking for two cashiers to join our team. our ideal candidate is attentive, motivated, and hard-working. hourly wage is based upon experience. responsibilities greet customers entering and leaving the business *maintain a clean and tidy work area *accurately process all cash and credit payments *provide exceptional customer service *cashier is responsible for maintaining and cleaning front of house"
small caribbean restaurant in brooklyn ny is hiring for four shifts. the ideals persons for this this position should have good customer service skills. no precious restaurant experience is required. xx+ only.
small sushi take out shop. taking order and serve.
smashburgerparticipates in e-verify
smile and acknowledge customers by making eye contact.
"smile, greet, and serve customers making them feel welcome."
smiles additional info:
smithtown - xxx-xxx-xxxx
"smoothie maker / cashier. must be punctual, responsible, friendly, outgoing."
snap fun photos of guests as they pose with our replica of the hollywood sign.
skills desired:
skills and experience required:
sodexo – quality of life services
skills and abilities:
sick / personal time off
"sign into your account, and sign out when stepping off position"
significant walking or other means of mobility.
significant walking or other means ofmobility.
signs merchandise accurately according to directive and current promotions
simple ira with employer contribution
"since its establishment in xxxx, gong cha has expanded to over xx countries and xxxx+ locations worldwide and growing. we're looking for team members who are self motivated and eager to learn to join us."
"since xxxx, citarella has been a part of new york. our name is synonymous with freshness, quality, and value. in a city that offers overwhelming variety, we proudly offer the largest selection of fresh seafood & aged prime meats along with prepared foods and gourmet groceries. while growing, we have maintained our commitment to providing the best quality, value, and service. citarella, the ultimate gourmet market is seeking part-time cashiers to join our team at our west side store! as a member of the front-end team, our cashiers are devoted to handling all customer transactions accurately while providing an exceptional customer service to all guests throughout their store experience. having a professional, pleasant, and guest-driven attitude is ideal for individuals in this role."
sincere interest in helping customers and driving world-class customer experiences
sincerely and warmly greet and acknowledge every guest with a smile
sip & sonder is a creative and entrepreneurial hub in the heart of downtown inglewood that houses a cafe-bar. we are looking to hire a barista with some prior experience to provide both a great pos customer service experience and top quality coffee and tea drinks. additionally duties include upkeep of the cafe space and small tasks as needed.
six (x) months experience in all cage banks preferred.
six (x) months of previous cashier or money handling experience is preferred.
"six (x) years of progressive supervisory experience in an office environment, including;"
"six months experience as a cashier, preferably in a hospital setting, but not required. on the job training and ability to follow oral and written instruction."
six months or more of customer service experience (food and beverage industry preferred).
skilled or interested in preparing gourmet food
skills & expectations include but are not limited to
skills & requirements
"sodexo is an eeo/aa/minority/female/disability/veteran employer. sodexo is committed to upholding the spirit and principles of the rehabilitation act of xxxx and the xxxx amendment to the act. if, due to a disability, you require a reasonable accommodation to navigate this site and/or complete the on-line application process, please contact sodexofrontlineapplicationsupport.usa@sodexo.com for assistance. for more information about our commitment to equal employment opportunity, please click here."
"solid math, verbal and written communications skills"
"shuck house is seeking talented, hardworking people to join our team! we are looking for individuals with experience who have the passion for food, beverage and hospitality."
"some preferred experience/qualitites includes, but is not limited to:"
some requirements are:
some requirements for our crew members.....
"some responsibilities include,"
someone who enjoys working with others
someone who is willing to learn
someone with x months+ of customer service experience
sorts hangers and hard tags after each purchase.
"sound like you and the co-op are a match? check out the job opening below. we're looking for cashiers for our culver city location! the cashier is a key team member, that works in the front on the store. please be enthusiastic, and have great people and customer service skills smiling is encouraged."
"sp+ does not tolerate harassment of or retaliation against any employee or applicant on the basis of these characteristics, or because the individual exercised his or her eeo rights."
"sp+ is an equal opportunity employer committed in policy and practice to recruit, hire, train, and promote, in all job classifications, without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, veteran status, disability or other classes protected by federal or state law."
"sp+ is an equal opportunity employer committed in policy and practice to recruit, hire, train, and promote, in all job classifications, without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, veteran status, disability or other classes protected by federal or state law. sp+ does not tolerate harassment of or retaliation against any employee or applicant on the basis of these characteristics, or because the individual exercised his or her eeo rights."
spanish (required)
"spanish is a must, english is a preferred plus!"
spanish speaking is a plus.
speak and act with kindness & respect
speak enthusiastically
speak to customers in a respectful manner and maintain patience in addressing customer concerns.
speak to the benefits of the redcard with every guest and assist them through the application process.
"speak with guests to ensure satisfaction with food and service, and to communicate complaints to manager."
some prior experience in a customer service or restaurant environment preferred.
some positions have special requirements. selectee may be required to complete a one (x) year probationary period. participation in direct deposit/electronic fund transfer within the first xx days of employment is required. we utilize e-verify to confirm selectee’s eligibility to work in the united states. salary is dependent on experience and/or education.
"solmade market is a new neighborhood grocery store in los angeles/marina del rey ca. i am looking for an honest, trustworthy employee who is self motivated with organizational skills and a great attitude. this job will consist of talking with customers, giving customers direction on items they are looking for, having pos knowledge, restocking shelves, checking inventory and making sure the store is in working order."
some one responsible who comes to work on time loves working.
solve customer problems
"solve problems and make smart decisions that drive sales, profit or customer service; execute your work efficiently and effectively; inspire strong performance in yourself and others."
some basic job duties of this position:
some cashier / food service experience preferred
some college
some college preferred
"some college required, associates degree or higher.computer literacy, including: windows xx, microsoft office xxxx, specifically word and excel programs."
"some customer service experience is desired, but not required."
some duties as a cashier are but not limited to:
some experience in a retail environment
some experience is preferred.
some experience using basic wood and metal working tools is required
"some exposure to dust, fumes and chemicals."
some food service or retail experience preferred
some great benefits:
"some kitchen preparation, including cutting up fish/vegetables, mixing sauces"
some lifting of up to xx lbs.
some of our best in class benefits include:
"some of the job resposibilties include but are not limited to,"
sick & vacation
shows initiative and takes action with an appropriate level of independence demonstrates a complete understanding of daily menu items and explain same to customers accurately
"serve as support to baker helping to perform oven duties, prep, pack and store bake items, this includes assist with bake preparation such as tray arrangements for next day."
service customers’ requests and complaints and make sure that any seriouscomplaint is brought to the notice of the manager.
"serving bedford hills and its surrounding towns, we at acura of bedford hills want to make our sales and service facility as efficient as our vehicles. and we know that starts with our most valuable resource – our employees. we are a progressive company looking for aggressive employees who want to further their careers by joining a company that provides every opportunity for success. we have an immediate need for a cashier/receptionist to join our growing team! this is a full time position, x:xxam to x:xxpm monday to friday. job responsibilities"
serving guests in morsel’s coffee shop.
serving our delicious food
servsafe food handler certificate is required
set schedule rotates every two weeks
set the course
"set the course – learn, reference, and share current product knowledge with our guest; providing prompt recommendations and professional service to enhance their shopping experience (e.g. fit, fashion wardrobing advice and suggesting add-ons)"
"set up a visually appealing counter display, merchandising, display maintenance and store housekeeping."
"set up kiosk, stocking merchandise and maintaining cleanliness in assigned location"
set up or restock beverage and product displays.
set up tables in preparation for the next customer
set up the cashier area for daily customer service.
"set up up, maintain, restock, and break down all cafe items"
"set up, break down, stock, replenish and maintain cash register station"
"set up, maintain, restock, and break down all cafe items"
"sets non-promotional, promotional, and seasonal signing, including store-wide and event signing if assigned to perform this activity. performs promotional ad setup and take down without error or omissions. sets and maintains sales floor to national merchandising and presentation standards"
sets up hot and/or cold food area.
sets up items for purchase on daily basis.
"sets up serving line, ensuring temperatures are taken, recorded and within acceptable ranges; notifies cooks if food temperatures are not within acceptable limits."
service oriented- empathically serves the needs of customers and associates; listens well; seeks to understand diverse points of view to help find the best solution or outcome: provides helpful assistance to others; pursues a high standard of performance.
service customers’ requests and complaints and make sure that any serious complaint is brought to the notice of the manager.
"sets up stations with entrees, soups,salads, breads, condiments, other food products and utensils."
service customers’ requests and complaints and make sure that any serious complaint is brought to the notice of the manager
"serve customers quickly, efficiently and thoroughly; always greeting and welcoming customers, constantly anticipating and graciously assisting with customer needs, saying thank you, good-bye and inviting customers back."
serve food and beverages to customers.
serve food and beverages to guests
serve food in a professional and timely manner to ensure guests have an enjoyable and satisfying experience
serve ice cream & snacks
serve our real food to guests and respond to any requests
"serve prepared foods such as muffins, bagels, cakes, and other dessert items."
serve safe certification preferred.
server/cashier/busser
server/cashier: x year (preferred)
server: x year (preferred)
"serves and replenishes food from counters and steam tables (sometimes using a conveyor food belt), and breaks down stations at the end of meal periods."
serves and replenishes food fromcounters and breaksdown stations at the end of meal periods.
"serves customers at the restaurant counter: takes orders from customers and inputs into our system, totals orders using cash register, relays orders to cook, gives ticket stubs to customers to identify filled orders, and promptly delivers meal to customer."
"serves customers in a friendly, efficient manner following outlined steps of service."
serves hot and cold items to customers.
serves meals to students and staff.
service and hospitality is #x
service appointment follow-up communications to customers
"sets up stations with entrees, soups, salads, breads, condiments, other food products and utensils."
sets-up the café.
"shows guests they care, and ask them about their dining experience. effectively handle guest complaints and involve manager at appropriate time."
"shifts include hours before and after the store is open to the public and may also include mornings, nights, weekends and holidays"
shifts that extend over the lunchtime period (xxam-xpm) require previous cashier and cash handling experience with us currency.
shifts that extend over the lunchtime period require a minimum x year of cashier and cash handling experience.
shifts that extend over the lunchtime period require a minimum x year of customer service experience.
shifts: all shifts available
"shifts: xxam to xpm, xpm to xpm, xxam to xpm"
shop safety — xx%
shopping center compton renaissance plaza
shopping center gateway center at bronx terminal market suite xxxa
shopping center suite xxx
"shopping is a great way to work up an appetite, and food@macy’s offers exciting jobs and great opportunities in an area that’s changing the way people experience our stores. the secret to our success is our mix of skilled, passionate culinary enthusiasts so whether you want to join the prep team or manage one of our restaurants, there’s a great job waiting for you."
short and long term disability insurance for eligible employees
short and long-term disability
short term disability (std) and long term disability (ltd)
short- and long-term disability coverage
short-term disability insurance
"shorts, skirts not allowed"
show a commitment to cleanliness and safety: pick-up trash and debris anywhere including bathrooms and outside areas. report all safety concerns to a member of management immediately
shows courage – a confident leader; willing to take on challenging assignments. acts in accordance with beliefs and deals with conflict quickly and in a positive manner. about jcpenney:
shifts that extend over the lunchtime period (xxam-xpm) require a minimum x year of customer service experience.
shifts available: xxam-xpm; xxam-xpm; xxam-xpm; xxam-xpm. saturdays required.
setup & stock workstation with all necessary supplies needed for service
shifts available: xpm-xxpm; xpm-xxpm; xpm-xpm; xpm-xxpm; xpm-xxpm. saturdays required.
"sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability"
shakey's is hiring front-of-house (foh) team members.
share the responsibility for controlling the inventory on the shift or in the store.
share total wine & more’s product portfolio
"share your love of fashion and tell customers all about upcoming events, our nordstrom gift cards, nordstrom rewardstm program and mailing list"
shares responsibility for prepping and rolling pretzels.
shift differentials (for overnights)
"shift flexibility: must be able to work different shifts, including holidays, nights and weekends. must be able to work overtime as required."
shift#x xpm to xpm ( monday-friday)
shift#x xpm to xx pm weekends only
shift#x xpm to xxpm ( monday-friday)
shift#x xpm to xxpm weekends only
shifts announced:
"shifts are x-x, x-xpm monday thru friday."
shifts available
shifts available: x:xxam - xpm; xam - x:xxpm; xam - xpm; & xxam-xpm. saturdays required.
"speak, read, and write in english"
speaking in a friendly and enthusiastic tone
speaks both english and cantonese and/or mandarin
store name/number: ca-culver city (xxxx)
store name/number: il-michigan ave (xxxx)
store name/number: ny-xth avenue (xxxx)
store presentation
"stores foods in designated areas in accordance with wrapping, dating, and food safety and rotation procedures."
"straighten and clean the register stations, including drawers and areas underneath counter, straighten and restock cashier supplies as needed."
strategic sale of promotional items
"stretch assignments, personal growth, and leadership development opportunities."
strong ability to multi-task
strong attention to detail and time management
strong attention to detail and understanding a sense of urgency
strong attention to detail.
strong basic math skills
"strong basic math skills, with attention to detail and ability to multi task"
strong cash handling
strong cash handling skills
strong commitment to teamwork
"strong communication and interpersonal skills – must be able to read, write and speak english"
strong communication and time management skills
strong communication and time management skills.
store name/number: ca-santa monica (xxxx)
store manager
strong communication skills
store location
stocking shelves and coolers
"stocking, setting and selling target products sounds like your thing… that’s the core of what we do"
"stocking,setting and selling target productssounds like your thing…that’sthe core of what we do."
"stocks and/or marks prices of nearby merchandise, as necessary and as time allows."
stocks pantries with correct par levels of food items on a daily basis. records replenished amounts on floor stock form for each unit. records refrigerator temperatures on floor stock form daily.
stocks shelves to ensure fido always gets his favorite chew toy and treats
"stocks, prices and rotates front end merchandise."
"stocks, prices and rotates merchandise."
"stocks, prices and rotates merchandise. position specifications education & formal training"
stocks/restocks items.
stony brook - xxx-xxx-xxxx
"stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl, position self (to), move. constantly positions self to maintain cleanliness of restaurant, including under the tables and prep areas. also, to retrieve product."
stooping - to retrieve stock from shelves and place on shelves
stop and speak to a manager today! or visit us online at www.panamericangroup.com
stop by and say 'hello'! make sure to apply by doing one of the following:
stop by the green lake kidd valley at xxxx green lake way north and fill out an application or drop off your resume
stop to help a neighbor select the perfect toy for a terrier that likes to chew
store discount
store events spokesperson
strong communication and time-management skills
"strong communication skills, including the ability to professionally communicate verbally to customers"
special conditions of employment
strong organizational skills
strong organizational skills are required
strong people skills and communication skills.
strong prioritization and organizational skills
strong problem-solving skills
"strong reading, writing, oral, and arithmetic skills."
"strong sales skills, strong work ethic, team player"
strong teamwork and diversity awareness and ability to recognize and welcome differences among people and resolve conflicts respectfully and in a timely manner.
strong telephone and communication skills
strong to excellent communication skills and willingness to work as part of a team.
strong verbal and interpersonal skills.
strong verbal and written communication skills
"strong verbal and written communication skills specifically with customers, sales leadership team and associates"
"strong verbal and written communication skills specifically with customers, sales leadership team and associates."
strong verbal communication skills to allow for proper interaction with customers.
strong verbal skills
strong work ethic
strong work ethic and ability to work in a fast-paced environment with a sense of urgency.
strong work ethic and commitment to providing excellent customer service
strong work ethic and commitment to providing exceptional customer service
strong organizational skills and ability to multitask
strong organizational and communication skills
strong communication skills.
strong level of software proficiency.
strong communication skills. able express comments/concerns in a positive manner
strong company reputation
"strong computer skills: pos systems and microsoft office, math skills and phone skills"
strong customer service and communication skills
strong customer service aptitude desired
strong customer service experience.
strong customer service personality and skills.
strong customer service skills
strong customer service skills and ability to interact with other people and participate actively in department and staff meetings.
strong customer service skills in a fast paced retail environment.
strong customer service skills.
"strong customer service, multitasking and problem solving skills."
strong growth potential.
"strong independent work ethic, excellent time management skills, and organizational abilities."
strong interpersonal and communications skills both verbal and written
strong interpersonal skills
strong interpersonal skills necessary for establishing customer relationships
strong interpersonal skills with a positive and engaging attitude
"strong knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, and procedures in a restaurant."
stocking retail shelves
"stocking different items (bags, utensils, ketchup, containers)"
stocking deliveries in the building x cafeteria storage areas.
"spread mediterranean kitchen in los angeles, ca is looking for one cashier to join our xx person strong team. we are located on xxx south main street unit xxx. our ideal candidate is a self-starter, ambitious, and reliable. responsibilities greet customers entering and leaving the business *maintain a clean and tidy work area *accurately process all cash and credit payments *provide exceptional customer service"
"stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes"
"stand and/or walk for an entire shift – from bending, twisting, and lifting up to xx pounds."
stand and/or walk for up to x+ hours
stand for an extended time.
stand for entire shift and walk for long periods of time without rest or sitting down.
stand for extended periods of time and lift up to xx lbs.
stand for extended periods of time ideal candidate will possess the following:
stand for long periods of time
"stand for long periods of time, walk rapidly, bend, stoop, twist, and turn frequently for long periods of time."
stand for long periods of time; walk; frequent use of hands.
stand manager
"stand, sit or perform repetitive motions for long periods"
"standing - be able to stand for long periods of time, i.e. x plus hours"
standing and walking for x-x hours at a time
standing and/or walking - xx% of time.
standing and/or walking - xxx% of time.
"standing, bending, stretching and walking throughout the shift"
"standing, walking, lifting (up to xxlbs) and climbing."
standing: most tasks are performed in a standing position with intermittent walking.
"sprouts will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the fair chance in hiring ordinance. the above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed by people assigned to this work. this is not an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, and requirements. sprouts’ management reserves the right to amend and change duties, responsibilities, and requirements to meet business and organizational needs as necessary."
sportsman's warehouse is an equal opportunity employer.
stocking and monitoring inventory
spirit of ownership
special instructions
special perks
special requirements:
"specialists – customer service, lacrosse service, running"
"specialty businesses – drives profitable sales growth in the fine jewelry, appliance, mattress, window, and furniture businesses by leading and engaging associates. responsible for the specialty associate training and care/ protection plans. manages the set processes by planned floor moves and graphics as well as monitoring the productivity standards program processes. identifies sell-through opportunities and remerchandising of the selling floor to increase the rate of sale."
"specialty coffee experience is preferred but not exactly necessary. however, a passion for community, team-working skills, and strong interests in downtown culture is a must! @officecoffeenyc"
"specific duties include, but are not limited to:"
specific functions/activities summary
specific responsibilities
"specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust and focus."
"specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus. work environment:"
"specifically we are seeking the following temporary part time positions for the holiday season in the spring valley, ny store:"
speed of service
"speedco, the light mechanical and trucking service specialists"
speedway is focused and dedicated to your success! we are committed to ensuring our employees receive proper training in order to provide excellent customer service to our customers on every visit. we offer full and part time opportunities that will work with your schedule.
speedway is focused and dedicated to your success! we are committed to ensuring our employees receive proper training in order to provide excellent customer service to our customers on every visit. we offer full and part time opportunities that will work with your schedule. speedway offers best in class benefits including:
speedway llc is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to workplace diversity.
speedway offers best in class benefits including:
spends xxx% of the time on the sales floor.
start by applying via indeed today!
start your story at speedway!
"started in xxxx in spain, zara today is an internationally known fashion retailer represented in over xx countries around the world. our company requires professionalism, imagination, high energy and team spirit. zara will give you the means to excel. zara will put you into the heart of the action and the heart of its growth. job description"
starting date: asap
stock and straighten shelves and pegs in the immediate area when not directly ringing up product
"stock bakery, ref-con products, and impulse items."
stock beverages and grab & go
stock c-store products
stock control
stock counter area and condiment stations
stock customer service stations with paper products or beverage preparation items.
stock grab n go coolers and maintain beverage/ice cream station (if applicable)
stock in new vehicle deliveries.
stock service areas with supplies when needed
stock shelves and other food court areas
stock shelves and ring up neighbors' purchases
"stock shelves, and mark prices on shelves and items."
"stock shelves, and mark prices on shelves and items. basic qualifications"
stock store shelves and end-caps with merchandise when it is delivered to the store.
stock supplies during store open hours while being available for the guest.
"stock, restock, clean and sanitize the counter/cash and/or dining room area"
"stock, restock, clean and sanitize the counter/cash area"
"stocker/janitor - to keep up the appearance of the store, in addition to stocking product and creating displays, the stocker assists with maintaining the cleanliness of the store by sweeping, mopping, dusting and cleaning up spills."
stock and organize the shelves
stock and maintain product levels
"stock and maintain all supplies, food items, and utensils."
"status: level i, supervised by dewitt manager"
starting pay: $xx/hr
starting rate of $xx/hour
starting wage: $xx.xx
starting wage: $xx.xx - $xx.xx per hour
state specific food handlers certificate (if applicable) education and experience:
"statement of purpose:                                                 this position is responsible for ensuring all guests feel welcome, special and appreciated by ""treating strangers like friends and friends like family"". accountabilities:"
status: full time or part time
"status: full-time and part-time (days, evenings and overnight shifts)"
status: part time
stock and execute proper rotation of products.
stay calm under pressure
staying updated on promotions: renew art display twice a month; seasonal decoration; seaonal poster and flyers publishing
stays adept at knowing the product and staying current on new merchandise and fashion trends.
"stays current and understands the implications of upcoming events, product updates, selling process requirements, and company/business initiatives"
"stays up-to-date on all merchandise promotions, advertisements, and product information. discounts purchases by scanning and redeeming coupons."
"stew leonard’s wines began when stew leonard, jr., the ceo and president of stew leonard’s food stores and his two sisters, jill and beth, and brother, tom, were sitting at the dinner table. they realized the only item on the table that their business did not sell was the wine. the meal was fantastic, but the wine was just ok. stew said to his sisters, “we can do better. don’t you agree?”after studying the industry, taking multiple courses and traveling to numerous wineries, beth l. hollis, stew’s sister, opened her wine store in yonkers, new york, in xxxx. beth, stew and family decided to take their decades of retail experience in the food business and apply it to wine. they agreed that any store, which opened under the “stew leonard’s” trademark, would offer customers a friendly, well-trained staff and a clean, organized store. we want any customer in a stew leonard’s store to feel comfortable asking questions about wine and to enjoy it as much as we do. stew and his other sister, jill went on to open their own wine shops as well. the stew leonard’s mark is a registered trademark or service mark of stew leonard’s, a connecticut partnership and is registered in the united states. each wine store is independently owned and operated and is not part of a cooperative buying group or affiliated with the stew leonard’s food stores. stew leonard's wines and spirits of yonkers is looking forward to the holiday season! we need some extra sets of hands to help with the anticipated increased business. come learn about wine and spirits and get paid to do it! job summary: cashier assistants are responsible for helping the cashiers finalize a customer's order by bagging or boxing up their products, loading shopping carts and wrapping gifts. a cashier assistant must be able to:"
stick to and upholds policies and procedures.
still with us? here are the smokin’ details
serve customers quickly and efficiently
serve as guest contact and key data entry clerk for players card database information. provide retail services in the gift shop. general accountabilities
"strong work ethic, ability to act on and solve minor problems in courteous manner as needed"
"results – solve problems and make smart decisions that drive sales, profit and customer service; execute work efficiently and effectively; inspire strong performance in yourself and others."
retail background preferred -previous management experience
retail customer experience preferred
retail experience
retail experience preferred but not required someone who can adapt to a fast pace environment and is customer service oriented
retail liquor store hiring a cashier
retail locations throughout o'hare international airport
retail management certificate is desirable.
retail operations
retail sales including the use of a cash register and computer
retail sales of motor clothes and general merchandise
retail sales/customer service: x year (preferred)
retail sales: x year (preferred)
retail store
"retail store associates play a meaningful role within the cvs health family. at cvs health, we’re shaping the future of health care for people, businesses, and communities. with your talents and expertise, you can help us play a more active and supportive role in each person’s unique healthcare needs. join our team of thousands as we positively impact millions…one customer at a time."
"retail, bottle shop and some bartending experience required."
"retail, hospitality, and/or customer service experience preferred"
"retail/wholesale beauty supply store hiring a full time/part time customer service to assist with day-to-day store activities. looking for a friendly, self-starter, ambitious professional. applicant must have strong customer service orientation with good organization skills."
retail: x year (required)
retail: x years (preferred)
"results – solves problems and makes smart decisions that drive sales, profit and customer service; executes work effectively and efficiently; holds self accountable to a high standards to achieve results; adapts quickly to changing situations with energy and a positive attitude"
"results driven - consistently meets and exceeds goals, exhibits professional courage and innovation to drive the business forward – be"
retain verbal requests
restocks all items and products in area as needed.
restaurant associate - cashier
restaurant cleanliness
restaurant customer service / cashier / foh crew member / team member requirements & responsibilities we are looking for applicants who exhibit the following qualities:
restaurant team member – cashier / cook (hospitality food service)
restaurant/retail: x years (preferred)
restaurant: x years (preferred)
restaurant: x years (required)
"restaurantexperience a plus, but not required."
restock items as needed throughout the shift
"restock merchandise, communicating low inventory and customer inquiries to manager via written log;"
"restock napkins, straws, lids, and other supplies in the dining area"
restock workstation with supplies and ensure that any item not in stock is communicated to the manager
restock workstation with supplies and ensure that any item not in stock is communicated to the manager.
restock workstation with supplies and ensure that any item not in stock iscommunicated to the manager.
"restock, as directed."
"restocking (menus, receipts, order slips, cups, containers, and gift cert.)"
restocking all areas of harvest café or cafeteria.
restocking inventory items and ordering supplies as needed
"restocking the counter area, making sure the counter and surrounding areas are clean and up to code, and take proper sanitary measures."
retain menu item knowledge
retention bonus!!
responsibly sell and issue winning of lotto and lottery tickets according to company policy and procedures.
ring customer sales on an electronic cash register
ring up customers for purchases
ring up every customer transaction using the subtotal features. cash is not to be paid out under any circumstances.
ring up phone orders
ringing out customers helping bag groceries looking for good customer skills
ringing up customers
ringing up customer’s purchases accurately and efficiently.
"ringing up guests, issuing change using a cash register"
"ringing up sales, answering phones, and general office duties such as filing, copying, making spreadsheets, etc."
"rings up cover charges, dance fees, rhino chip purchases in the pos system, collects payment, balances all receipts and follows proper cash handling procedures."
rings up order and follows proper cash handling techniques (no $xx’s or $xxx’s) all $xx’s get dropped.
road to success program for career development
role and responsibilities:
role models established customer experience practices with internal and external customers
role summary
roles include:
romp coffee is seeking a personable barista.
room for growth!
rotate product when stocking with new to maintain freshness (sell older first)
"rotates product according to first in, first out to maintain shelf-life standards."
ring up and complete transactions efficiently and accurately.)
ring all sales into cash register in accordance with company cash handling procedures.
"rigorously adheres to food safety and restaurant security practices, builds awareness about safety, holds peers accountable to food safety practices, and reports any concerns to leadership."
retirement benefits or accounts
retrieve carts from the lot
retrieves carts and baskets.
return items to the proper place.
"return misplaced product, customer returns, and other product gathered in the front-end to the correct location in the store"
returns / exchanges
"returns carts and baskets to their central distribution area, takes back go-backs/damages, fixes display, helps restock and supports team members"
returns re-sellable merchandise to the sales floor area.
rev. x/x/xxxx ©copyright xxxx | proprietary to ehs llc | all rights reserved x
revel pos and microsoft office experience is a plus but not required  benefits
review and compare the ingredient labels of several food brands for a concerned cat parent
review menu and production to determine the type and quantities of menu items prepared.
review our benefits
"review, explain and redeem vouchers and coupons. explain restrictions to guests when necessary."
"reviews invoices to ensure they are correctly coded, properly authorized, and there are no overpayments or repeat payments."
"reviews specials, handles club cards or other special promotions."
reward program for excellent customer service
rewards & recognition program
reynolds & reynolds computer experience a plus
responsiveness: we listen and respond quickly to provide the best solutions
responsibly sell alcoholic beverages and tobacco products according to company policies and procedures.
serious candidates only please
responsible for adhering to established cash control policies and procedures of the company.
responsible for all assigned change funds and cash receipts ensuring that cash drawer is in compliance with overage/shortage standards.
"responsible for all assigned change funds and cash receipts, ensuring that cash drawer is in compliance with overage/shortage standards."
responsible for all valet transactions in a courteous and professional manner.
responsible for any shortages or overages on their cash drawer.
"responsible for assisting customers with transactions and for balancing various bank drawers within the cage department, maintaining accuracy throughout all phases of the balancing process. provide excellent guest service to both internal and external guests."
responsible for assisting guests in a friendly and efficient manner in company’s continuing effort to deliver outstanding guest service. responsibilities:
responsible for balancing of register drawer.
"responsible for being at work every scheduled day, on time and in uniform."
responsible for calculating all ticket fees and accurately charging each customer for the calculated fees in compliance with impark’s ticketing and cash handling policies and procedures
responsible for calculating all tickets fees and accurately charging each customer for the calculated fee
responsible for cash balance at end of shift.
"responsible for cash drawer security, cash balance and adhering to all other aspects in abp’s cash handling policy."
responsible for cash drawer/balance at beginning and end of shift
responsible for cleaning of the restaurant according to the daily checklist.
"responsible for communicating openly and thoroughly with general manager, manager, shift supervisors, and fellow employees"
"responsible for completing abp transactions by scanning items, inputting product codes, taking in cash and providing change or processing card transactions."
responsible for completing all mandatory and regulatory training programs
looking for someone with flexibility but would need to work the following shifts regularly
responsible for controlling shortage through personal awareness and compliance with company standards and theft deterrents
responsible for alerting managers on any discrepancies with the cash register.
responsible for accurately processing cash and credit card transactions.
responsible for counting tips and giving to office manager
responsible for accurately accounting for the collection of monies in payment of food products and meal plans:
responsibilities include but are not limited to
responsibilities include but are not limited to:
"responsibilities include greeting customer at point of sale, handling cash and credit card transactions and processing returns and exchanges. when away from the register, cashiers play a key role in assisting customers with their needs, helping to fill in and maintain the sales floor for ease of customer shopping ensuring that merchandise presentation, and guest service standards are met. cashiers will provide each and every customer with an amazing shopping experience by: processing purchases accurately and quickly, consistently performing the company’s service standards and inviting the customer to come back and shop with us again."
"responsibilities include greeting customer at point of sale, handling cash and credit card transactions and processing returns and exchanges. when away from the register, sales associates/cashiers play a key role in assisting customers with their needs, helping to fill in and maintain the sales floor for ease of customer shopping ensuring that merchandise presentation, and guest service standards are met."
"responsibilities include ringing up customers' orders in a friendly and efficient manner, bagging, maintaining a clean workspace."
"responsibilities include, but not limited to:"
"responsibilities include: greet guests as they enter shop, be pleasant and alert to customer needs. process customer transactions and maintain an accurate cash drawer throughout shift. keep entire work area clean and sanitary throughout shift. complete assigned prep work for stocking and set up of work area. stock and execute proper rotation of products. wash counters, tables, restrooms, trash receptacles, gather trash and remove from shop to proper receptacle, sweep, mop, stock and other cleaning tasks. perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned."
responsibilities – include and are not limited to:
responsibilities-
responsibilities/duties:
responsibilities/qualifications of a wetzel’s pretzels cashier:
"responsibilities: a cashier is responsible for timely, efficient, and accurate cash and credit card transactions and reporting. cashier will also be responsible for setting-up, maintaining and cleaning their workstation. prepare simple menu items."
"responsibility of cash drawer contents in both the ""start"" and ""end"" of the actual work shift."
responsible alcohol service
responsible citizenship
"responsible for accuracy of all orders, (dine-in, to-go and drive-thru), that are delivered to the guest."
"responsible for accurate counting, balancing and securing of change drawer, safe, assigned cash register and “pick-ups” & “loans” to cashier’s registers."
responsible for accurate ring of proper plu for sale items and/or accurate barcode scan.
responsible for accurate ring of properplu for sale items and/or accurate barcode scan.
"responsible for correctly handling cash, credit and comp procedures and properly completing paperwork"
responsible for daily prepping of ingredients.
"responsible, organized and customer orientated"
responsible for providing excellent customer service while demonstrating a passion for green’s.
responsible for providing guests with a delightful dining experience from the initial reception until the final good-bye in accordance with the company’s high standards of guest service.
responsible for receiving payment from food and beverage guests in a prompt and courteous manner.
"responsible for receiving payments from customers for service work and sales transactions. issues receipts, refunds, credits, or change due to customers"
responsible for restocking drinks
responsible for running orders out to waiting guests.
responsible for selling products to fans
responsible for setting work priorities and assuring a smooth transition of all work between the various departments.
responsible for strict adherence to momofuku’s food safety
responsible for taking all walk up orders and transmitting to kitchen
"responsible for the daily set up, break down and maintenance of our to-go space, including, but not limited to: stocking and maintaining all food service supplies, condiment station, dining areas, trash set up and take out, paper goods, etc."
"responsible for the general cleanliness to keep the store appearance. these responsibilities include maintaining coffee and fountain areas, restocking coolers, sweep & mop floors, clean parking lot, wipe down pumps, empty trash containers, cooking & stocking."
responsible for the opening and/or closing of the harvest café or cafeteria.
"responsible for the proper accounting and banking of cash receipts as per “safekeeping of salvation army funds"" policy."
"responsible for transmitting all orders(kitchen, catering, outside orders)"
"responsible for verification and management of money receipts from the public counter, lockbox or direct mail."
responsible for washing dishes and equipment.
responsible for:
"responsible to follow proper cash handling policies and procedures at all times. manage assigned register, process credit card/cash payments, make change and issue guest transaction receipts appropriately."
responsible to maintain proper amounts of money in till at minimum ($xx) and drops extra cash in money drop.
"responsible for providing excellent customer service, efficiently and accurately completing sales and service transactions at the cash wraps, as well as handle customer issues that may arise on the sales floor."
"responsible for processing guests’ payment, ringing food and beverage items for guests, collection of payment, and ensuring all aspects of professional service and guest satisfaction."
"responsible for delivering a highly satisfied customer experience demonstrated by engaging and interacting with all customers, embodying customer experience principals and philosophy, and maintaining a clean and organized store environment. adheres to all operational, merchandise, and loss prevention standards. may be cross-trained to work in multiple areas of the store in order to support the needs of the business."
responsible for preparing food and drink according to established procedures.
"responsible for driving the customer experience through proactive and customer focused behaviors and actions. actively evaluates customers needs by listening, providing solutions and making recommendations to maximize customer satisfaction and exchange brand loyalty."
"responsible for ensuring that guests are cordially attended to, from the time they enter our restaurant to the time they leave and utilizes the hospitality imperatives. essential functions"
"responsible for explaining menu items, taking customers’ orders, processing cash & credit card transactions and serving fulfilled orders in a friendly and efficient manner."
responsible for greeting and interacting with guest of the restaurant.
responsible for greeting guest in a friendly manner and escorting guests to tables. monitors guests’ needs and the workflow of the restaurant and seats guests accordingly.
responsible for greeting guests
responsible for helping count inventory
responsible for initial cordial reception to the guests upon arrival and/or the prompt courteous escort to a dining table.
responsible for keeping a clean work area.
responsible for keeping register attended at all times
"responsible for keeping the department ready all day and ensuring the sales floor is easy to shop, in stock, clean, signed and organized for members"
responsible for maintaining a neat and clean work area.
responsible for maintaining good customer relations recognizing the type of service expected from employees of the salvation army.
responsible for monetary transactions
responsible for moving or lifting an average of x – xx pounds with a maximum weight lifted of xx pounds occasionally
"responsible for notifying cust. of new( items, merch, deals, specials, points and website/app"
responsible for opening and closing of store.
responsible for performing transactions accurately.
"responsible for pos accuracy and handling all cash, credit card and latin id transactions efficiently"
routine standing for duration of shift (up to x hours)
royal crepes is family owned restaurant looking to expand . we are looking for full-time cook/register or  cook /dishwasher . for more info or any question please feel free to reach out or stop by at xxx main st beacon ny .
run credit/debit card batch slip at end of shift
schedule: p/t - x:xxam - x:xxpm. more details upon interview.
schedule: p/t schedule; monday through friday.
"schedule: p/t- saturday & sunday, x:xxam - x:xxpm."
"schedule: p/t: xx hours per week, flexible between x:xxam - x:xxpm."
schedule: part time
schedule: part-time; details upon interview.
"schedule: part-time; monday through friday, x:xx am-x:xx pm and tuesday and wednesday xx:xx am-x:xx pm."
"schedule: per diem, varies, per diem"
"schedule: rotating am & pm shifts, x:xxa-x:xxp / xx:xxa-x:xxp, alternate weekends and holidays included."
schedule: shifts and days vary based on business needs.
"schedule: temporary, part-time; weekends required. details provided upon interview."
schedule: xx:xx pm to x:xx am four days a week for a total of xx.x hours. includes weekends and holidays. hourly rate: $xx.xx
"schenectady, ny xxxxx (preferred)"
scholarship program
scholarship programs
scholarships
schooling or experience in merchandising and retail sales preferred.
scope of responsibilities: works under direct supervision and follows standard procedures to accomplish assigned task job summary: responsible for ringing out each customer’s purchases while ensuring total customer satisfaction.
"seafood - price chopper's ""seafood smart"" team can change that. if you are interested in providing our guests with the ""best in fresh"" seafood from local fisherman and around the world, and helping our guests buy, prepare and serve delicious seafood meals, a career in seafood is for you. we offer many different positions ranging from part-time clerks with flexible hours to full-time department managers."
"search terms: restaurant , café , food, panera bread , noodles & company , wendy’s , cook , customer service , growth , development , franchise , hamra enterprises , cashier , barista , crew , team member , associate , manager , supervisor , catering , baker , sales , hospitality , part-time , full-time"
schedule: p/t schedule: must work weekends. shifts may vary. more details upon interview.
schedule: p/t - various shifts available including weekdays and weekends. more details upon interview.
"seasonal host/cashier pollys pies job purpose: make the connection to greet and seat arriving guests in a timely manner. the seasonal host/cashier is responsible to interact with and support guests/fellow team members in a courteous, respectful, and professional manner. most of all, display superb teamwork skills to contribute to a positive work environment through our core values. job accountabilities:"
"schedule: p/t - monday through friday, x:xxam - x:xxpm. no weekends!"
schedule: f/t & p/t - various shifts available. more details upon interview.
schedule: f/t & p/t; monday - friday (times vary - school hours only).
schedule: f/t - monday through friday. more details upon interview.
"schedule: f/t - monday through thursday, xx:xxam - x:xxpm."
"schedule: f/t - mondays through saturday, night shifts. more details upon interview."
schedule: f/t - various shifts available based on business/account needs. more details upon interview.
schedule: f/t schedule including nights and weekends.
schedule: f/t: all shifts available. must be able to work evenings and weekends.
"schedule: f/t: monday through friday, a.m. shifts."
"schedule: f/t: monday through friday, approximately x:xx a.m. - x:xx p.m."
"schedule: f/t: monday through friday, p.m. shifts."
"schedule: f/t; various shifts available, including weekends! more details upon interview."
"schedule: full and part-time schedules available, more details upon interview!"
"schedule: full time, varies, xx"
schedule: full-time and part-time; xx:xxam - x:xxpm. shifts will vary. closed on sundays.
"schedule: m-f, shifts available xam-xpm"
schedule: monday through friday (am & pm shifts available) and rotating weekends/ holidays.
"schedule: monday to friday, weekends required, holidays required"
schedule: multiple shifts available.
searches for and retrieves information contained in files as requested.
seasonalgeneral merchandise
"run daily, weekly and monthly reports for all transactions."
self-motivated and dedicated to excellence and hospitality
self-starter and a team player
self-starter: inspired to perform without outside help
sell and accurately account for gift cards
sell and upsell race packages
sell every customer on the features and benefits of “molbaks rewards” in order to expand our rewards customer base.
sell items from the menu and suggest extra items for purchase. quote prices and describe features of items. answer general questions.
"sell items, collect payment and make correct change."
"sell our products and services in an informative, friendly and enthusiastic manner."
sell the photos to these families
sell tickets and other items to customers.
"sell, sell, sell. suggest whole solutions, inform, educate and inspire, practice cross-selling and add-on selling."
selling and service behaviors
"selling coffee and tea blends and brewing equipment, highlighting the differences between items and educating customers about brewing methods."
selling products to fans in a friendly & courteous manner
sells and redeems chips for poker players.
send paid markers to the bank.
send resume for an interview
send us a message once you have completed the form and we will be in touch to hopefully schedule a test-work.
serious applicants please
self-motivated and keen attention to detail
selected candidates are subject to background check and computer literacy entrance exams.
seasonalguest advocate (cashier)
select requested food items from serving or storage areas
seasonalinbound (stocking)
seating guests attables or in waiting areas.
seattle magazine:http://seattlemag.com/dough-zone-not-other
"seattle, wa (preferred)"
"seattle, wa xxxxx (preferred)"
secondary job duties:
secure register at all times when leaving it unattended; protect company assets at all times.
security & loss prevention
security clearance
see every day as an opportunity to have fun with their team & our guests
see management for details.
seek out new assignments and responsibilities.
seek ways to maintain and improve store appearance.
seeking full and part-time crew members:
"seeking good communicator, motivated and focused."
"seeking highly energetic, enthusiastic individuals with great communication skills to greet guests and manage guest transactions. team member / crew member / cashier is generally offered as a part time opportunity prior experience as a restaurant or bakery crew member, team member, crew, counter person, clerk, cashier, customer service is desirable but not necessary. requirements/responsibilities team member / crew member / cashier requirements:"
seeking individuals who enjoy working with people to join our team
"seeks opportunities to welcome, engage, serve and thank customers. maintains an atmosphere of friendly, enthusiastic customer service with an emphasis of taking care of the customer."
seeks out opportunities for self-development as defined in an individual development plan.
"schedule: am & pm; x:xx am - x:xx pm, xx:xx am - x:xx pm, x:xx pm - x:xx pm. more details upon interview."
"schedule/hours : base = monday-friday xam-xpm, some evenings & saturday's required"
schedule shuttle rides
salary: $xx-xx per hour
salary: $xx.xx - xx/hour based on experience
salary: $xx.xx /day
salary: $xx.xx /year
salary: $xx.xx to $xx.xx /day
"salary: $xx.xx to $xx.xx /hour (based on position, experience and potential)"
salary: $xx.xx/hr
salary: $xx/hour plus incentives
"salary: $xxx.xx to $x,xxx.xx /week"
salary: $xxx.xx to $xxx.xx /day
salary: $xxx.xx to $xxx.xx /week
salary: depends on experience
salary: up to $xx/hour
sales associate duties and responsibilities
sales associate duties include:
sales associate duties:
"sales associate – apparel, bikes & exercise, team sports, golf, footwear, lodge"
sales associate/cashier
"sales associate: responsible for providing an exceptional customer experience through offering assistance when needed, ensuring product is on the floor and sized appropriately, and all customers have a quick and efficient cashwrap experience. additional tasks include stocking, cleaning,and folding merchandise."
"sales associates and supervisors will provide prompt and efficient customer service in a friendly, professional manner. they will be able to answer questions about the products offered by kreuther handmade chocolate, as well as the gabriel kreuther brand. they will be expected to rotate, clean and replenish merchandise and ensure highest quality standards are met. they will assist customers with all steps of the experience including, but not limited to: guiding customers to the products they desire, answering questions about custom orders, loading heavy items, maintaining the cleanliness of the store, providing exceptional table service to seated guests, and handling cash and credit card transactions using an electronic point of sales system."
salary: $xx.xx
salary- $xx/hr
schedule may include saturday hours and one day off during the week.
salary minimum
run day to day retail store operations
run tender report
run tender report ensure accuracy in all paperwork
runner: deliver food to the guest and attend any other needs they may have.
"running a cash register, this includes accountability for cash, lottery tickets, cash cards, etc."
"runs errands, when needed, to pick up supplies and/or product and may work special events"
rush street fundamentals:
russian (required)
"russo hardware, inc. provides equal employment opportunities (eeo) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. in addition to federal law requirements, russo hardware, inc. complies with all applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. this policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training."
s witchboard experience
safely and effectively use and operate all necessary tools and equipment
safely unloads our delivery trucks using the proper equipment
safety and security
safety includes but not limited to
safety shoes
safety/loss prevention:
salario: $xx.xx /hora
salary depends on experience.
salary maximum
"sales associates/cashiers will provide each and every customer with an amazing shopping experience by: processing purchases accurately and quickly, consistently performing the company’s service standards and inviting the customer to come back and shop with us again."
sales deal breakdown within dealer management system (dms-cdk/adp) plus vehicle title processing
sales experience
sales or customer service or food service a plus.
"sauce protocol understands and follows sauce protocol procedures on how to offer, pour, and present sauces."
say thank you after every guest interaction and be sure every guest leaves satisfied with their shopping experience.
scan all sales and assure proper use of register procedure.
"scan and bag all guest items efficiently, neatly, and in compliance with food safety standards and company best practices."
scan goods and collect payments
scan goods and ensure pricing is accurate
scan items and ensure pricing is correct.
scan items and ensure pricing is correct; handle cash and charge transactions on pos
scan or record the purchases of a customer into a cash register efficiently and accurately.
"scan product, operate cash register and tally customer purchases."
"scan products, process credit cards and cash, balance cash registers."
"scan, handle and move merchandise efficiently and safely, including frequently lifting or moving merchandise up to xx pounds"
"scan, handle and move merchandise efficiently and safely, including frequently lifting or moving merchandise up to xx pounds and occasionally lifting or moving merchandise up to xx pounds"
scans all club merchandise through a point-of-sale system to ensure accurate inventory counts and accurate purchase totals for members. packages shopping carts when necessary.
schedule and coordinate customer deliveries.
schedule appointments
schedule full-time
"saturday’s: supervisory position overseeing shifts, food prep, running and managing the cafe"
saturdays a must
saturday: xpm - x:xxpm
sandwich maker/cashier- experience a plus but will train.
sales skills
sales support
"sales support • assist with merchandise floor moves and other visual tasks • process pos transactions accurately and efficiently • comply with all sales related policies and procedures customer service • greet each customer in a warm and friendly manner • respond to customer’s questions quickly and accurately • determine customer’s needs and direct them to the appropriate sales associate • provide the highest level of customer service to each customer • assist the sales associates in resolving all client problems and other tasks as per business need operations • unpack, hang/fold merchandise, and secure security tags when needed • adhere to work schedule, inclusive of time and attendance • comply with all point-of-sale policies and procedures"
sales: x year (required)
salesmanship skills are required to sell memberships
salon is on the bus line and parking is also provided. view our website www.bombaii.com- and if interested call owner directly xxx-xxx-xxxx.
salon will honor all scheduled existing vacations or time off needed.
sample store products to customers in accordance to customer service retailing program.
sandwich preparation when needed
saturday x:xx-x:xx or x:xx-x:xx
"santa maria pharmacy is a family-owned pharmacy that has been in business for over x years. we have several locations in california: anaheim, el monte, paramount, las vegas, and pomona. our goal is to always offer a high quality services with a good heart. we are looking for a motivated, enthusiastic, hard working and friendly pharmacy technician/pharmacy clerk to become a part of our team and bring value to the company."
"santa monica seafood company is a family-owned and operated business, is one of the west coast’s top seafood distributors providing only the highest quality fresh fish and seafood products to restaurants, hotels, retail stores and institutional food service providers throughout southern california, arizona and las vegas area."
santa monica seafood market and cafe is looking for full time cashiers. the cashier will perform all cash register functions and assist customers during the checkout process in our market and cafe.
"sarpino's pizza la grange is looking for restaurant pizza maker-cashier to work overnight from xpm to xam. we are one of chicagoland busiest sarpino's pizza restaurants and we take great pride in serving our customers with the best service and product possible. our operational teams consistently receive awards for high quality food, sales increases, great customer service and operational excellence. we are currently looking to add a few great pizza makers-cashiers to our team. we are looking for someone who is- clean cut & personable - outgoing & energetic - dependable & reliable - prompt & responsible - quick learner & self motivated - willing to work, weekends and holidays - at least xx years of age. the position we are hiring for is entry level with room for advancement. previous experience is a big plus, but not necessary. we offer a great environment for growth with an excellent training program, on the job experience and a network of team members to learn from. if you would like to join our team, please email us your resume. * location: countryside , il * compensation: starting from $xx/hour with room for increasement, paid vacation, paid sick days, family food discount and flexible schedule. hired pizza maker or cashier: ($xxx sign up bonus after xx days, bring a friend and get another $xx) we are looking for enthusiastic team members who enjoy driving their own car, listening to their own music, have positive attitude and love delivering great gourmet italian food. you will be offered a flexible work schedule and competitive hourly rate, plus tips! driver job offers even more! fun friendly work environment, professional training and opportunities for advancement."
saturday (preferred)
saturday (required)
saturday lunches
saturday x:xx a.m.-x:xx p.m.
strong work ethic and integrity
strong writing skills
understand operation of cash register and follow all cash handling procedures.
the trojan family rewards:
"the university of washington is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. to request disability accommodation in the application process, contact the disability services office at xxx-xxx-xxxx / xxx-xxx-xxxx (tty) or dso@uw.edu."
the valet/cashier attendant provides a welcoming environment and efficient valet services in accordance with guest expectations and established performance standards.
the work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an associate encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
the work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential
"the work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. note: this is not an exhaustive list of responsibilities, skills, duties, efforts or working conditions associated with the job. while this list is intended to be an accurate reflection of the current job , the dealership reserves the right to revise the functions and duties of the job or to require that additional or different tasks be performed when circumstances change (i.e. emergencies, changes in personnel, work load, rush jobs, or technology developments)."
the work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. the noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
the work environment includes occasional exposure to heated ovens and high temperatures.
the work environment includes occasional exposure to refrigerated frozen food storage areas with temperatures as low as xx degrees (fahrenheit) below zero.
"the world's hungriest athletes live by a code, a pledge to themselves and everyone else: protect this house... i will. our goal is to build a great team!"
"the zeigler auto group owns and operates xx retail automotive dealerships, three finance companies, a leasing firm, insurance firms and a real estate portfolio located throughout southwest michigan, northern indiana, and illinois. new car franchises include mini, nissan, infiniti, chevrolet, buick, gmc, cadillac, fiat, honda, ram, ford, lincoln, chrysler, dodge, jeep, mitsubishi, maserati and bmw. the zeigler auto group also owns and operates three jd byrider franchises which offer used vehicle sales, service and financing programs. the zeigler auto group employs over x,xxx people and has annual sales of over $x.x billion and ranks nationally in the top x % of dealers."
"then you know what it's like to work at buffalo wild wings. it's fun. it's fast-paced. and when our fans get revved up, it's electric. wings, beer, sports that's who we are with xx draft lines with an ever-changing craft beer lineup. if you have a great personality and a strong work ethic, we want to speak to you!!!"
"then, apply now online today! zara usa, inc. is an equal opportunity employer."
these are full time positions with opportunity for rapid advancement!
"these values guide our actions and keep us on the right path. at impark / reef parking, the most successful people are those individuals who integrate these beliefs into their actions at work, and incorporate them into everyday behavior."
"they are responsible for preparing and cooking pizzas, pastas, entrees, salads, and sandwiches. they are also responsible for taking customers’ orders (in person or over the phone), greeting guests, and are knowledgeable about the menu and wait times. he or she will prep a variety of ingredients using a variety of equipment and utensils, while maintaining a clean and sanitary station."
think you're management material? talk to us! we are always looking for people who want to grow with us and take their career to the next level.
this company describes its culture as:
this dunkin' donuts restaurant is independently owned and operated under a franchise granted by dd franchising llc.
this employer participates in e-verify.
"the university of washington is a leader in environmental stewardship & sustainability, and committed to becoming climate neutral."
the tournament will be held from saturday august xxth - saturday september xth at flushing meadows corona park.
this is a fulltime position with a set schedule of xx hours per week. please visit ubookstore.com/jobs to see available schedules.
"the tool crib worker’s responsibilities involve issuing tools and materials, and fielding questions from students on materials and procedures while guiding them on the safe use of shop tools. these tasks are often carried out simultaneously, so the ability to multitask is necessary. this also requires the capacity to maintain an even tempered disposition and remain calm under pressure while helping students toward the completion of their projects."
"the retail sales associate (cashier) position offers a fast-paced, high energy environment with opportunities for growth and development. full-time and part-time options are available to work with your schedule."
"the retail store associate position provides an opportunity, in a leading retail setting, to excel in a growing, high impact, customer focused role, working both independently and as a member of a team, to positively impact the lives of others."
"the retail store sales associate will provide a complete shopping experience for customers, involving product knowledge and environmental involvement."
the role of the barista/cashier is to run the kiosks locations effectively. the barista/cashier staff member is responsible for the upkeep and daily flow of the kiosk. responsible for preparing coffee drinks as well as other beverages offered. ensure that any food preparation is executed safely and effectively. handle pos functions and possess excellent customer service skills. cafe staff are to continuously communicate with the cafe supervisor to ensure smooth operation of the kiosk.
"the safe and proper handling of slicers, knives and other kitchen utensils and equipment"
the sales associate is vital to the success of sunglass hut and is an ambassador of the sunglass hut experience. the sales associate spends time on the sales floor performing all functions relating to the sunglass hut experience and store operations.
"the sales associate position requires constant standing and walking with occasional stooping, reaching, kneeling and crouching/ squatting. frequent or occasional lifting, carrying, pushing and pulling of xx – xx pounds is required."
the seasonal food cashier's primary responsibility is to sell food items by using magic selling and providing service using product knowledge and sampling. perform other duties as assigned.
"the seasonal sales associate assists customers and helps to maintain the store appearance. the seasonal sales associate is responsible for all aspects of customer service, merchandising, and store maintenance. this position is only designated during the company identified seasonal periods throughout the year. this position is temporary to help support increased business during high volume times of the year."
the shedd aquarium is located on museum campus in chicago. we are easily accessible by cta bus and trains. we also offer discounted parking for employees.
the shifts are
"the smiling face at the register? that’s our cashier, the nandoca that guides the nando’s experience at the register. the cashier accurately manages cash and credit card transactions and balancing the register at the end of the shift. the cashier is a menu expert and guides customer selection and enters the information accurately into the register. our cashiers are quick and efficient while warm and gracious guides to our restaurants. cashiers work with our team to exceed our guests’ expectations and to provide them with the nando’s experience. essential functions"
"the smiling face at the register? that’s our cashier, the nandoca that guides the nando’s experience at the register. the cashier accurately manages cash and credit card transactions and balancing the register at the end of the shift. the cashier is a menu expert and guides customer selection and enters the information accurately into the register. our cashiers are quick and efficient while warm and gracious guides to our restaurants. cashiers work with our team to exceed our guests’ expectations and to provide them with the nando’s experience. food runner:"
"the softlines associate is responsible for enhancing the experience of members and driving sales, providing courteous and proactive support to members by making sure that all apparel and home areas are well maintained, have appealing displays and are inviting to members to shop. job duties/responsibilities:"
"the st. regis brand first established luxury hospitality more than xxx years ago, with the opening of the st. regis new york. from the moment john jacob astor iv opened the doors of his beaux-arts masterpiece on new york’s fifth avenue, st. regis has stood as a symbol of uncompromising elegance and bespoke service. today, with more than xx of the best addresses around the world, st. regis is a place where trends are born, boundaries are broken and guests can simply live exquisite. we invite you to explore careers at st. regis. job summary"
"the starting pay will be $xx per hour and up, depending on your experience, and the job can be part-time or full-time, depending on your availability."
the store is new and this is a good opportunity to potentially move up or create your own work/life balance in a new company.
"the store sales associate/cashier operates the computerized register system in the checkout area, greeting each customer and completing their checkout in an efficient and friendly manner. he or she ensures customer satisfaction and repeat business and maintains a polite, friendly, and professional demeanor at all times. this very important customer-facing role requires an individual who is a problem-solver and is knowledgeable of overall business operations. the ideal candidate for this position has a high school diploma or high school equivalency diploma (or is a current student in good academic standing), previous retail sales experience, point-of-sale skills, and can work a flexible schedule that includes days, nights, weekends, and holidays. fluent english speaking and written communication skills, good time management skills, and professional dress, speech, and behavior are all required for this position."
"the thruway family of stores consist of thruway ace hardware, thruway sporting goods and thruway fine wines and liquor. this job posting is applicable to all stores based on current openings and candidate knowledge and qualifications. general summary"
"this is a customer service intensive position. job applicants should be comfortable interacting with customers everyday. our rushes get very hectic, please do not apply if you can’t handle pressure well. being punctual, communicative and presentable are a must. can develop into a full time opportunity and possibly a managerial position for the right individual."
this is a good chance to learn skills that will lead to more opportunity!
"the restaurant cashier is responsible for processing non-gaming transactions including initiation and settlement of patron checks in all applicable f&b outlets, located off the gaming floor. in addition, the cashiers will be assisting with everyday functions of the restaurants to include assisting with host functions or busser functions. all duties are to be performed within the guidelines of the seneca gaming corporation’s policies and procedures, internal control standards and objectives."
this job is hard
"this job is really fun with great co-workers and awesome customers. at times, this job, like any in a growing small business, is also stressful. the shop gets busy and stays busy so keeping your cool even when it’s hot in the shop is critical. positive stress management attitudes and techniques, while working hard alongside the rest of the team, are a must."
this job is:
"this job overview is not all inclusive. in addition, macy’s, inc. reserves the right to amend this job overview at any time. macy’s is an equal opportunity employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment. macy’s, inc. – including macy’s and bloomingdale’s – will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal convictions in a manner consistent with sfpc art. xx and la mc ch.xviii art. x."
"this job specificationshould not construe to imply that these requirements are the exclusivestandards of the position. this is not to be considered a complete list of jobduties, which appear in the job description for this position, and which may beamended from time to time at the discretion of wellness xxx. incumbents willfollow any other instructions and perform any other related duties as may berequired by their supervisor/manager. wellness xxx is an equal opportunityemployer."
"this led to little time for food, so he came up with the ingenious idea (some say at the card table) of putting meat between two slices of bread. from then on it did not matter if you were fighting a great sea battle or laying down a royal flush, you could eat great food without too much fuss."
this parking cashier position involves working am/pm shifts
"this policy applies to all areas of employment, including recruitment, testing, screening, hiring, selection for training, upgrading, transfer, demotion, layoff, discipline, termination, compensation, benefits and all other privileges, terms and conditions of employment. this policy and the law prohibit employment discrimination against any associate or applicant on the basis of any legally protected status outlined above."
this position can involve sitting or standing.
"this position can involve sitting or standing. must be available to work evenings, weekends, and holidays."
this position does not require travel.
"this position entails greeting customers when they first walk in to bakery, assisting customers with their pastry selections and or future cake/dessert orders, preparing specialty coffees, serving gelato, answering phones, taking orders, working the cash register, stocking and refilling the display cases, keeping accurate records of customer orders, must be comfortable with using a bakery pos system, taking cash/ count money (mentally), will be responsible with coordinating with our production site to determine what the bakery will need on a daily basis, cleaning and keeping a tidy work atmosphere."
this position handles customer transactions through calculating bills and processing payments
"this position involves a variety of physical activities including: talking, hearing, sitting, and standing for multiple hours, and repetitive motions. visual acuity is required for completing work on computer. the ability to stand for extended periods of time is also required."
"this position involves regular walking, standing, hearing and talking."
"this position is $xx an hour, pay is bi-weekly."
"this position is based at the westchester county center (ny). the merchandise stand cashier is responsible for selling products to fans in a friendly & courteous manner. this position is also responsible for setting up the kiosk, stocking the merchandise, maintaining cleanliness of their assigned location, processing cash and charge transactions and assisting supervisors with timely set-up and breakdown of all work areas. required to operate a cash register and may be required to prepare food. ensures each guest receives outstanding guest service by adhering to the company’s circle of service standards. accurately and efficiently completes all transactions in register. communicates guests requests to appropriate supervisor."
"this position is considered the front line to make our guest happy in our locations. you are the first one to greet the guest as they walk in the door and the last one to tell them ""see you tomorrow"". our associates are what make our business successful. if you can be friendly, helpful and a team player we want you. you will be provided with an exceptional level of training and you will be empowered to do your job on a daily basis. we will train you on customer service skills, food preparation skills as well as store maintenance and daily task routines. you will work with a great team that wants to serve the modern convenience shopper. x. must be at least eighteen years old."
this position is covered by a collective bargaining agreement between evergreenhealth and the service employees international union (seiu) healthcare xxxxnw. union membershp is optional.
"this position is eligible for an employee referral bonus! if you know someone that would be a great fit for this role, you can refer them to this position and potentially earn an employee referral bonus! click here to view the step-by-step instructions to refer a friend to this position. if you have a positive attitude and a love for learning, you may be interested in joining our team. are you looking for a job with competitive wages and benefits, one in which you can learn and grow while making a difference in the world? we’re hiring! bon appétit management company operates more than x,xxx cafés around the country for corporations, universities, and museums, as well as a few dozen public restaurants. we’ve led the industry in socially and environmentally responsible sourcing, from sustainable seafood to cage-free eggs. we cook everything from scratch using fresh, local ingredients. full-time associates at bon appétit are eligible for many benefits, including: paid vacation and sick leave"
this job is ideal for someone who is:
this job is for you if:
"this is a great opportunity to grow with our company by stating on the front line. our cashiers provide customers with quality, friendly, fast, service. we are looking for individuals with a strong work ethic and who are customer focused and take pride in all aspects of their work. duties include but are not limited to:"
"this job description is only a summary of typical functions and is not a complete list of possible job responsibilities, tasks and duties."
"this is a great opportunity to grow within our company. start on the front line with a part time position. join a family-oriented business invested in your success! our team members provide customers with quality, friendly, fast, and dependable service. we are looking for individuals with a strong work ethic and who are customer focused, innovative, dedicated, and take pride in all aspects of their work team members assist customers and handle other various duties such as operating the cash register, greeting customers, helping people locate products, doing paperwork, stocking shelves, and maintaining a clean and organized store. responsibilities for this position include but are not limited to:"
this is a night position
this is a one person job. you need to be able to perform all tasks yourself. cleaning is a part of this position.
this is a part time position offering competitive wages.
"this is a part-time position, xpm to xxpm, approximately x nights per week including saturdays. hours are subject to change when school is not in session."
this is a part-time position.
this is a restaurant operations job.
this is a seasonal sales position for x-x months.
"this is a supervisor-in-training position. this cashier supervisor position is a swing-shift position that will provide coverage for all three shifts as needed. upon successful completion of training, it will become a full time position with pay adjustment. hourly rate: $xx.xx"
this is a temporary assignment
"this is a temporary hourly, overtime eligible position. the position will be scheduled to work as needed and start at an hourly rate of $xx.xx per hour."
"this is a very active and important role for the store. you help the most customers! the cool thing about being a cashier at a hardware store is all the knowledge you inherit from your customers. you will likely scan many products you've never even seen before as an education to take with you throughout your life. for this role, we really want smiles, manners, punctuality, and accuracy to complete transactions. --thanks, mike. resume + cover letter + profile (printable from online link below in 'additional information') completed and handed in-person at the store."
this is an excellent opportunity to develop professionally in a fresh new restaurant concept in the greater seattle area. we will be in rapid growth for coming years and are looking for individuals who are passionate about the restaurant industry and dedicated in his/her career with our growing restaurant chain.
"this is an exciting career opportunity for a dynamic and ambitious individual who thrives within a fast-paced, fun and rewarding environment."
"this is the kind of work that takes a big heart for service and for supporting ascension’s mission to improve the health of the poor and vulnerable. we’re serious about the role we play in healing – and just as passionate about having fun, supporting each other and serving our communities."
"this isn’t just your next job – it’s your opportunity to be part of an amazing team that delivers on our promise to meet and exceed our guest’s experience the moment they walk through our doors! we consider our employees to be our greatest asset, and we see you as much more than a retail associate – you are a future leader. with structured programs for growth and career advancement, paired with our sense of community responsibility, our employees are an important investment toward our goal of success and excellence in all that we do! what we offer you:"
"this job could be something permanent and we would like you to join our team! it's a small store. we need someone interested in food, willing to learn, and has good intentions for the company. the candidate will share our same passion as we do! we are the new generation italian!"
"this job description describes a general category of jobs. employees may be assigned other duties in addition to or instead of those described above. any duties are subject to change at any time according to the changing needs of our organization. hamra enterprises is dedicated to our core values-letting you love what you do and do what you love! we operate with integrity, with humanity, and by empowering our employees to advance their careers!"
this job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by the employee occupying the position. employees will be required to perform any other job-related duties assigned by their supervisor.
"the retail associate is responsible for ensuring our customers have a positive shopping experience. the associate makes eye contact, smiles, and greets all customers in a courteous and friendly manner, treats fellow associates with respect, efficiently follows all company best practice standards as outlined in all work centers, and ensures proper merchandise presentation. the retail associate is expected to be engaged in these tasks as assigned during all working hours, and will be expected to perform a range of functions in all areas of the store as business needs require. the associate may be requested to perform additional tasks in specific situations, if performance of these tasks will help achieve our customer service and operational goals."
"the restaurant cashier is one of the key contact points for our guests experience. a cashier is responsible for always providing enthusiastic and friendly customer service to each guest, generating sales, housekeeping, cash register operations (pos) and accurate cash handling. must be able to work a variety of hours including nights and weekends. food handler card or its equivalent certification is required for all positions related to: preparation, handling and serving food."
"the gas station cashier is the first point of contact for our gas station customers. this position is responsible for accepting customer payments for gas and store merchandise as well as assisting with station organization, cleanliness and maintenance. this position will report to the gas station retail site manager."
"the job responsibilities of this position include, but are not limited to, the following:"
"the job will start at $xx.xx per hour but ktm mini mart offers the opportunity to earn up to x weeks vacation, entry into our simple ira pension program, and higher than the industry hourly pay in the future."
"the kleanse specialist is a brand champion and an example of service, teamwork, and awesomeness. the role will support the store krew by selling kreation’s products and maintaining kreation’s standards for service, style, selection, and excellence. the kleanse specialist exemplifies kreation kulture by having a passion for healthy living and klean food and drink."
"the kreation organic family is looking to add an energetic, fun, and friendly krew member to its team:"
"the lead cashier is responsible for positively impacting the customer’s shopping experience by effectively training and supervising other cashiers and providing feedback to the leadership team regarding their performance. assists store leadership in leading cash and wrap operations to ensure maximum accuracy, efficiency and compliance with company procedures. the lead cashier is expected to role model aeo values and aeo customer first behaviors in all actions and interactions in order to create a positive customer first experience. position title: lead cashier"
"the lead cashier is responsible for positively impacting the customer’s shopping experience by effectively training and supervising other cashiers and providing feedback to the leadership team regarding their performance. assists store leadership in leading cash wrap operations to ensure maximum accuracy, efficiency and compliance with company procedures. the lead cashier is expected to model under armour’s core competencies and i will behaviors in all actions and interactions in order to maintain a positive teammate and athlete experience."
the lead cashier must frequently lift and/or move up to xx pounds.
"the lead cashier serves as the liaison between staff and management to ensure the front end department is fully functional. the lead cashier delegates to, motivates, trains and mentors front end cashiers to promote their development. reports to the market manager and market assistant managers."
the lia auto group
"the list of requirements, duties and responsibilities is illustrative but not exhaustive. management reserves the right to revise the job description and to require that other tasks be performed when the circumstances of the job change without notice."
"the list of requirements, duties and responsibilities is not exhaustive but is merely the most accurate list for the current job. management reserves the right to revise the job description and to require that other tasks be performed when the circumstances of the job change. (for example, emergencies, changes in personnel, workload or technical development)."
"the location: we like to be is based in the heart of new york city. this is a great place to live because the world’s greatest mixologists, baristas and chefs have grown from this big apple! join the buzz."
"the lvmh family. sephora’s parent company, lvmh, is one of the largest luxury groups in the world, providing support to over xx prestige brands such as louis vuitton, celine, moet chandon, marc jacobs, dior, and so many more our legal team wants you to know what’s required:"
"the madison square garden company (msg) is a world leader in live sports and entertainment experiences. the company presents or hosts a broad array of premier events in its diverse collection of iconic venues: new york’s madison square garden, hulu theater at madison square garden, radio city music hall and beacon theatre; the forum in inglewood, ca; and the chicago theatre. other msg properties include legendary sports franchises: the new york knicks (nba) and the new york rangers (nhl); two development league teams – the westchester knicks (nbagl) and the hartford wolf pack (ahl); and esports teams through counter logic gaming, a leading north american esports organization, and knicks gaming, msg’s nba xk league franchise. in addition, the company features the popular original production – the christmas spectacular starring the radio city rockettes – and through boston calling events, produces new england’s preeminent boston calling music festival. also under the msg umbrella is tao group, a world-class hospitality group with globally-recognized entertainment dining and nightlife brands: tao, marquee, lavo, avenue, beauty & essex and vandal. more information is available at www.themadisonsquaregardencompany.com"
"the minimum required qualifications for this position include, but are not limited to, the following:"
the moo bar – xxxx westlake ave seattle wa xxxxx
"the most important aspect of the cashier role is to build customer relationships and ensure that our customers are having a great experience. you are the face of go! go! curry!. the cashier is also responsible for entering orders, receiving payments, maintaining cash drawers, stocking and keeping the dining room clean and orderly."
the nitty gritty:
the noise level in the work environment is usually loud. rate:
the noise level in the work environment is usually moderate
the job responsibility includes the following:
"the job posting highlights the most critical responsibilities and requirements of the job. it’s not all-inclusive. there may be additional duties, responsibilities and qualifications for this job."
the noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
the job opening listed on this page has been posted by an independent franchisee of golden corral corporation. golden corral corporation does not hire or employ any individuals at this franchise location. the franchisee will make all decisions with respect to applications for the position listed on this page. the name of the franchisee appears in this job posting. all questions concerning this job opportunity should be directed to the franchisee.
the good news is that we have some amazing training that will help teach you everything you need to know to be a guest advocate. but there are a few skills you should have from the get-go:
the good news is that we have some amazing training that will help teach you everything you need to know to be a small format team member. but there are a few skills you should have from the get-go:
the greeter/receptionist is responsible for meeting and greeting customers as they enter the dealership.
the greeter/receptionist projects this same presence on the phone when customers call the dealership.
"the halal guys are the pioneers of american halal food. the new york post calls the halal guys “perhaps the city’s most famous open-air dining destination.” the halal guys is the #x most yelped business in all of nyc, and in the top x most yelped businesses in the entire united states."
"the head cashier is responsible for providing excellent customer service during the checkout process. this associate is likely the last interaction with our customer before leaving the store and needs to ensure the customer is satisfied and encouraged to come back to lowe’s. therefore, engaging with customers as well as attention to detail are extremely important in this role. as head cashier, he/she provides supervision, coaching, and support to the customer service associate - front end team. depending on the specific work shift, this associate may also help open or close the front-end of the store."
"the health and body care (hbc) clerk/cashier provides excellent, professional customer service in the health and body care department. when cashiering, they accurately and efficiently process orders and payments at the register. they order, receive, stock and merchandise health and body care products."
"the health and safety of our customers is also of paramount importance at personal touch. compliance with health department regulations, sanitation requirements, and food safety training is required."
the health and safety of our employees is of paramount importance at personal touch. compliance with safety regulations and reporting all on-the-job accidents and injuries as outlined in the employee manual is required.
the ideal candidate is responsible for providing exceptional guest service and the overall upkeep of the coffee bar while maintaining the highest standards of quality and excellence. candidates must have excellent guest service skill and the ability to communicate. prior food preparation experience is a plus but not necessary.
"the ideal candidate possesses certain personality traits that allow them to thrive in a cooperative, fast paced, and fun environment. they have the ability to develop positive working relationships with all restaurant employees and work as a team by helping others as needed. they must be able to exhibit a cheerful and helpful attitude, and provide exceptional customer service. above all, the ideal candidate will care about providing an amazing experience to the customer and contributing to a welcoming team environment."
the ideal candidate will:
"the ideal nordstrom rack team member enjoys working in a fast-pace, high-energy environment."
"the ideal retail sales associate will have x – x years of retail cashier and/or sales experience, exceptional communication skills, and enjoy working in a fast-paced environment. we are looking for positive, upbeat individuals who have a passion for delivering excellent service. the minimum qualifications for this position are: high school degree or equivalent"
the information provided above indicates the general nature and level of work required of the position and is not a comprehensive list of all responsibilities or qualifications. benefits list is only a highlight of some of the benefits offered to team members; eligibility for certain benefits apply.
"the job duties, elements, responsibilities, skills, functions, experience, educational factors, and the requirements and conditions listed in this job description are representative only and not exhaustive of the tasks that an employee may be required to perform. the employer reserves the right to revise this job description at any time and to require employees to perform other tasks as circumstances or conditions of its business or the work environment change."
"the job of a sales associate involves selling, restocking and merchandising. excellent customer service is our goal and the sales associate is our means of achieving it. the sales associate is responsible for greeting and assisting the customers as well as maintaining the appearance of the store and the merchandise. the job of a cashier involves register responsibility as well as administrative duties. being the last representative of our store that the customer sees before leaving, the cashier must be friendly and energetic as well as swift to ensure customer satisfaction. - stock associate: we are looking for a very energetic, hardworking, reliable and effective stockroom associate. we need a professional and detail oriented person with a sense of urgency and motivation. our large stockroom requires a lot of time and dedication. it is the heart of our store! we receive large shipments twice a week with different garments and we need to price them, organize them, and sensor them in a very effective and fast way. our company requires professionalism, imagination, high energy and team spirit. sounds like you?"
"the job of a sales associate involves selling, restocking and merchandising. excellent customer service is our goal and the sales associate is our means of achieving it. the sales associate is responsible for greeting and assisting the customers as well as maintaining the appearance of the store and the merchandise. the job of a cashier involves register responsibility as well as administrative duties. being the last representative of our store that the customer sees before leaving, the cashier must be friendly and energetic as well as swift to ensure customer satisfaction. - stock associate: we are looking for a very energetic, hardworking, reliable and effective stockroom associate. we need a professional and detail oriented person with a sense of urgency and motivation. our large stockroom requires a lot of time and dedication. it is the heart of our store! we receive large shipments twice a week with different garments and we need to price them, organize them, and sensor them in a very effective and fast way. our company requires professionalism, imagination, high energy and team spirit. sounds like you? then, apply now online today! zara usa, inc. is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, disability, age, citizenship status, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. join us now! eoe/dfw"
the job opening listed on this page has been posted by an independent franchisee of golden corral corporation. golden corral corporation does not hire or employ any individuals at this franchise location. the franchisee will make all decisions with respect to applications for the position listed on this page. the name and contact information for the franchisee appears in the left hand margin of this page. all questions concerning the job postings on this page should be directed to the franchisee.
the noise level in the work environment is usually moderate to loud.
"the number one job function of a cashier it to check out customer’s orders in an accurate and efficient manner using the correct scanning or ringing method. courteous and friendly service will be provided to all customers, directing those who need further assistance. cashiers minimize losses and maintain security and provide miscellaneous duties as necessary."
"the responsibilities of this position include, but are not limited to, the following:"
the poker cashier is assigned to a poker bank during a shift and performs transactions for players and employees of the poker room. essential duties and responsibilities (other duties may be assigned)
"the position is bv's burger. casual weekday counter serve for hefty burgers, sandwiches, salads and breakfast eats. knowledge of rpower is a plus"
"the position is very dynamic, so you should be flexible and willing to learn new things"
"the position requires a flexible work schedule and must be able to work nights, weekends holidays as well as extended hours as needed. we are open from xxam-midnight. the position we are looking to fill is for the morning or evening shifts."
the power of one you - you make the difference in the guest experience with everything that you do.
"the primary function of the head cashier is to manage all checkout functions. this includes processing sales transactions and refunds, upselling or enrolling, monitoring cash drawer amounts, and maintaining checkout area. the head cashier is responsible for performing opening procedures such as alarm testing, unlocking doors, and obtaining safety bags for cash registers. in addition, the head cashier oversees coverage of registers and store supplies usage. the head cashier is also required to provide excellent customer service by addressing customer issues, handling pick-up and internet orders, locating merchandise, and checking on the status of orders. lastly, the head cashier is responsible for completing all other duties as assigned."
"the primary function of this position is to perform hostess/cashiering tasks. incumbent greets guests, escorts them to table, alerting server that table has been seated."
"the primary function of this position is to perform hostess/cashiering tasks. incumbent greets guests, escorts them to table, alerting server that table has been seated. coordinate activities involved in setting up for parties/catered events. may make table reservations for patrons as appropriate. incumbent responsibilities include preparation of menu boards, secure supplies, etc. for operation of facility. ensures adequate change fund is on hand; takes food and drink orders from patrons. assist in maintaining good order and discipline. answer patron’s questions in pleasant, courteous manner. ensure proper preparation, display and price marking of items and adherence to correct receipt and pricing procedures. maintains sales records and inventory on daily basis. follow procedure for safeguarding cash. ensure compliance with fire, safety, sanitation and security regulations. incumbent will perform some housekeeping duties, including washing dishes, sweeping floors, wiping down tables and taking out trash. rings sales and/or ticket sales by individual items, totals the sales, receives money, and makes change. incumbent is responsible for turning in receipts at the end of each shift. monitors operation of assigned area of responsibility, periodically checking to identify and resolve problems which may arise. enforce rules. handle all phone inquiries. incumbent ensures customer satisfaction. perform other duties as assigned."
"the primary purpose of a cashier is to create an outstanding customer experience through exceptional service. a cashier is responsible for generating sales, providing fast, friendly and accurate check out services, housekeeping, and putting merchandise back to proper shelf locations. a cashier also is responsible to bag their customers’ orders and help customers find items in the store."
"the primary purpose of this position is to greet and assist customers, park their vehicles, and be a visible representative of the establishment we provide services for. please note that this is a fast paced environment so the ideal candidate must be responsible and reliable. must be willing to work outdoors and in the elements."
"the primary responsibility of the cashier is to process customer sales of retail hardware goods using mclendon's ""point of sale"" (pos) system, as well as provide mclendon's legendary customer service by greeting and directing customers to the products they are looking for. this position works under close supervision and must work closely with customers and other team members."
"the primary role of the cashier is to ensure that all walk-in and pick up orders (either from sales, service, or parts) are properly closed out (i.e. paid, signed for, and invoiced) at the time that a given order leaves russo power equipment. may use electronic scanners, cash registers, or related equipment. process credit or debit card transactions."
"the product. employees enjoy a product discount and receive free product, often multiple times a month. (think your friends and family love you now? just wait until you work at sephora!)"
the q benefits:
the qualifications include:
the qualified candidate should have:
the qualifiers:
the quick check cashier position helps customers who are only making purchases of in-store items.
the responsibilities include but are not limited to:
"the responsibilities of this job is to scan items for sale, stock items, make tags, etc...no experience needed. willing to train. only skills required is being a honest and trustworthy individual."
the position details are as follows:
"the physical demands for this position are seeing, hearing, speaking, reaching, frequently occasionally lifting xx – xx pounds, sitting, standing, for x to x hours, bending, squatting, and moving intermittently during working hours. these physical requirements may be accomplished with or without reasonable accommodations."
the opportunity
the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
the opportunity to be famous!
the opportunity:
"the order taker/cashier is responsible for providing excellent guest service by greeting each guest with a friendly, welcoming appropriate greeting such as: “welcome to earl of sandwich, what would you like today?”, ensuring that all entrée items are entered into the pos accurately and that payments are processed accurately, up-selling sides, desserts and drinks, and engage guests in topics regarding the company’s loyalty program and inviting guests to provide their feedback using the company’s online survey.• answers the telephone within x rings and with a smile in his/her voice"
"the order taker/cashier is responsible for providing excellent guest service by greeting each guest with a friendly, welcoming appropriate greeting such as: “welcome to seaside on the pier, what would you like today?”, ensuring that all entrée items are entered into the pos accurately and that payments are processed accurately, up-selling sides, desserts and drinks, and engage guests in topics regarding the company’s loyalty program and inviting guests to provide their feedback using the company’s online survey. essential functions"
"the part-time associate (cashier) reports to the store manager and performs management-assigned duties, which may include but may not be limited to receiving inventory, stocking and maintaining a store section, operating a cash register, carry-out services and store cleaning."
"the people. you will be surrounded by some of the most talented, supportive, smart, and kind leaders and teams – people you can be proud to work with"
"the perks. sephora offers medical benefits, competitive xxxk, gift matching, and a 'perks' program that includes various discounts at participating companies (hotels, rental cars, telecommunication, gyms, etc)"
"the person who greets and helps customers in a local x-eleven is the most important person at x-eleven. bar none. you are the face of our company. you are x-eleven to our customer. that's why we have never - and will never - consider a sales associate nothing more than a clerk. we rely on you to provide outstanding service; maintain a clean, customer-friendly environment; stock and merchandise products; and, naturally, operate the register. there is plenty of opportunity to grow in this position. you can complete additional training to become a certified sales associate, and learn to forecast and order product using our state-of-the-art retail information system."
the philosophy at personal touch includes providing all customers with memorable service. the service provided by every person at our company touches multiple customers both internally and externally. all customers must be treated with courtesy and respect and every effort should be made to ensure customer satisfaction at all times.
the physical demands and work conditions described below are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. some requirements may be modified to accommodate individuals with disabilities:
the physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of the job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
"the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by a team member to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. the work environment characteristics described here are representative of those a team member encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. the noise level in the work environment is usually moderately loud. when on the casino floor, the noise levels increase to loud. must be able to work in an environment where smoking is permitted."
the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential
the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.
the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. work environment
the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with qualified disabilities to perform the essential duties/functions.
the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. the work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. the noise level in the work environment is usually moderately loud. must be able to work in an environment where smoking is permitted.
this position is field-based and requires flexibility to travel to several accounts within nyc.
"this position is generally from xam-xpm, x-x days per week. applicants should plan on one shift per week being a weekend shift. opportunities for advancement are available."
"this position is located in kirkland, wa"
transfers supplies and equipment between storage and work areas by hand or using hand truck
travel requirements:
"travel requirements: this role does not require regular travel; however, this role may need to travel on occasion to meetings, trainings, or to support neighboring stores."
"travel requirements: this role does not require regular travel; however, this role may need to travel on occasion to meetings, trainings, or to support neighboring stores. what we're looking for"
"travel, clothing, entertainment, and other discounts"
treat others with dignity and respect
treats all associates and vendors with respect and dignity – respect self and others! show kindness in all we do!
tremendous career advancement opportunities due to a strong presence all across north america
tremendous product & inventory
"trillium, a houston-based alternative fuels expert"
"tritip grill grand central in new york, ny is looking for one cashier to join our xx person strong team. we are located on xx e xx nd st.. our ideal candidate is a self-starter, ambitious, and reliable. responsibilities greet customers entering and leaving the business *maintain a clean and tidy work area *accurately process all cash and credit payments *provide exceptional customer service"
trucking payment:
trust-worthy
tue & wed off
tuesday (preferred)
tuesday (required)
tuesday: xpm - x:xxpm
tuition assistance program
tuition assistance programs
tuition reimbursement including ged and adoption assistance
travel required
transfers orders to the cook to ensure their preparation.
tuition reimbursement program
transfer to any other locations nationwide.
"total wine & more is the country’s largest independent retailer of fine wine, beer and spirits, and we continue to grow our footprint year over year. total wine offers exciting and unique career opportunities across the country and in our corporate office. our strength is our people. we have a commitment to training and career growth, all in an environment that values new ideas and teamwork. if you share our entrepreneurial spirit and a passion for providing best-in-class customer experience, take a moment to apply or learn more at www.totalwine.com/about-us/careers!"
"towels, no dishes, no crumbs, no clutter, hoppers full, pastries full, tags"
towne auto group has an immediate opening for a part time receptionist/cashier.
towne auto group is a family owned and fast growing automotive retailer. towne operates xx franchise brands. great starting opportunity with future advancement opportunities.
track transactions on balance sheets and report any discrepancies
train cashiers i all phases of cashier functions and monitoring for compliance.
training & development
training & personal development
training aimed at advancement
training and development for future leadership opportunities
training and willingness to continue learning about food and beverage preparation.
training for this position will take place at our seattle store for a period of x-x weeks
training hours:
training in scratch cooking & centuries-old culinary traditions
training provided
training to support your personal and job development within a growing company
training/license:
transfer orders to the kitchen to ensure their preparation
transfer purchases to another cart materials/tools/equipment
tuition reimbursement including ged and adoption assistance.
tuition reimbursement program for qualified candidates
"this position is part time, x-x days per week. we are open xam to xpm, x days a week."
"under general supervision, an employee in this class is responsible for maintaining controls over monies received, and bank deposits made, for the tax receiver's office. supervision is exercised over a staff of tax cashiers and other clerical employees. work is supervised by the tax receiver and/or the deputy through conferences, written reports and periodic inspection of records kept. must have graduated from a standard senior high school or possession of a high school equivalency diploma, and two (x) years of experience in the maintenance of financial records and accounts, the receipt and recording of property tax payments or the maintenance of assessment records. candidate must qualify, pass and be reachable on suffolk county civil service exam, scheduled for may xx, xxxx. position is a xx hour work week, monday thru friday with a pay of $xx.xxx per hour ($xx,xxx.xx annually) please inquiry before april xrd, xxxx."
"under the direct supervision of the cgi management personnel, the cashier level ii will supervise the overall cashiering team while also being expected to perform various clerical and repetitive manual functions in a production-oriented office environment. due to the nature of the government contract requirements and/or clearance requirements, u.s. citizenship is required"
"under the direction of the stand lead or level supervisor, serves food and beverage concessions and/or ring orders up in accordance with the company’s guestpath universal service standards and applicable operational standards. other duties as assigned."
"under the directions of the keno manager, the supervisor oversees the day-to-day operation of the keno personnel on the shift. the supervisor verifies and approves winnings for payouts. maintains accountability for the impress bank and is the first line for handling guest disputes. duties: provides clearly superior customer service to all internal and external customers. ensures the operation of the keno area is efficient and in accordance with department's policies and procedures and the tribal-state compact. ensures compliance with all class iii gaming regulations. assists the keno manager in the development of policy and procedure manuals for keno operations. monitors said manuals in an effort to quickly handle disputes and train new personnel. may assist the manager in developing schedules and various aspects of monitoring employee performance. keeps management informed relative to customer and employee relations. rechecks tickets upon request. responsible for opening and closing games including the completion of required reports. pays winning tickets. responsible for cash transaction during assigned shift. qualifications: high school diploma or ged required."
under the supervision of the general manager and manager on duty. primary focus would be to handle cash in a responsible way.
under the supervision of the general manager and manager on duty. primary focus would be to handle cash in a responsible way. essential duties and responsibilities: executes policies and procedures professionally and accurately.
understand and abide by all directives as given
understand and adhere to all company policy and procedures.
understand and adhere to all company policy and procedures. qualifications:
understand and adhere to company shrink guidelines as relates to front-end operations.
"understand and comply consistently with our standard portion sizes, cooking methods, quality standards and kitchen rules, policies and procedures."
"understand and comply consistently with our standard portion sizes, cooking methods, quality standards and rules, policies and procedures."
understand and comply with all food safety and sanitation procedures
understand and create awareness of the factors to impact sales volume leadership
understand and follow the food allergy procedure and special orders/restrictions
"understand and know how to handle different types of parkers; i.e. tenants, visitors, employees, administration, etc."
understand and respond knowledgeably to questions about the restaurant and menu
understand and show guests how to use wallet and the other features and offerings within the target app.
"understand and speak spanish, english."
"understand company’s iso (environmental & quality) management systems, policies, goals, and initiatives and meet the specific responsibilities within these areas"
"under limited supervision, performs a variety of semi-routine duties involving customer service, inquiries and problem solving while maintaining positive customer relations. stocks and removes outdated product to/from shelves. enters and maintains records of customer purchases and prepares status reports using cash registers and/or computer systems. assists foreperson, outside vendors, sales representatives and internal departments with outlet transactions as required. performs other duties as assigned. be able to stand for long periods of time, work store hours and lift more then xx lbs. position requirements:"
"under armour is the chosen brand of this generation of athletes... and the athletes of tomorrow. we're about performance - in training and on game day, in blistering heat and bitter cold. whatever the conditions, whatever the sport, under armour delivers the advantage athletes have come to demand."
"tutta bella crew members work at our counter service concepts either demonstrating the pizzaiolo skills to slap and open the dough, top the pizzas and cook them in our italian wood fired ovens or performing the customer facing skills necessary to provide our guests with a memorable experience and helping with cutting pizzas, etc... or ideally, both. in addition to our neapolitan pizzas, the tutta bella crew will be providing guests with italian sandwiches, lasagna, salads, tiramisu and fresh sicilian cannoli from our counter service location. ultimately tutta bella crew members are responsible for executing our purpose of “nourishing lives by sharing traditions, authentic food and love,” and providing a memorable guest experience to every guest. the way we accomplish this is through our adherence to neapolitan traditions, following our proven recipes and systems, showing genuine care for our guests and teammates, and enjoying making people happy. benefits:"
"under armour is an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to diversity in the workplace. we encourage qualified diverse candidates to apply. under armour does not discriminate against any candidate on the basis of race, gender, disability, religion, national origin, age, or any other protected category."
twitter:https://twitter.com/thedoughzone
"two (x) years of experience utilizing a variety of office software, specifically: microsoft office applications (word, excel, and outlook)"
two (x) years of successful experience being responsible for large sums of money and/or six (x) months of successful casino cage cashier experience (or any combination thereof) required.
two (x) years of successful supervisory experience preferred.
two years of retail experience preferred
"two, three, four-way match: invoice, po, receiving report, inspection information"
"type memos, correspondence, reports, and other documents"
typical duties:
typical end time:
typical end time: xpm
"typical motions include repetitive hand and arm movements, repetitive grasping, bending and reaching"
typical positions at a chuck e. cheese are:
typical start time:
typical start time: xpm
"typically, the noise level in the work environment is moderate."
uf job description
"ultimately, you’ll ensure all transactions run smoothly and will help us maximize customer satisfaction."
"uncle giuseppe’s marketplace uncle giuseppe’s marketplace attracts those who are passionate and pride themselves in top quality food and excellent customer service. our company is based on values and family traditions and we are proud to serve families for almost two decades. the uncle giuseppe’s team, which consists of over xxxx team members, exemplifies these core values and bring passion into the workforce each day."
uncle giuseppe’s offers:
"total wine & more is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without discrimination based on race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. total wine & more makes reasonable accommodations during all aspects of the employment process, including during the interview process. total wine & more is a drug free workplace."
total bill and accept payment
"tory burch is an american lifestyle brand that embodies the personal style and sensibility of its chief creative officer and executive chairman, tory burch. the collection, known for color, print and eclectic details, includes ready-to-wear, shoes, handbags, accessories, home and beauty. art, music, travel, interiors and the designer's own stylish parents are inspirations for the collection. our company launched in february xxxx with a single boutique on what was then a remote street in downtown manhattan. today, we are a global brand with a presence in more than xx countries, but in many ways we are only just beginning. there is so much we want to do! brand integrity, global inspiration and beautiful products are integral to who we are as a company and what we have accomplished to date. our incredible team is an equally important part of the equation. we believe that each of our employees play a vital role in our continuing efforts to grow and evolve."
thursday (required)
"thus in xxxx, the sandwich was named after its inventor, john montagu, the xth earl of sandwich. now xxx years later, the current xxth earl and the sandwich family remain passionate about the world's most popular quick food that carries their name and have developed the sandwich everyone has been waiting for…the world's greatest hot sandwich® we are looking for individuals to continue the tradition! the team member is responsible for building the world’s greatest hot sandwich while consistently following the proper recipes and procedures, and adhering to earl of sandwich’s high standards regarding food presentation, cleaning and sanitation. each team member must be comfortable working in a team environment where they ensure the needs of our guests are the number one priority so that we may deliver an exceptional dining experience we are earl enterprises®"
tickets cashiers are front line employees who are responsible for completing sales of lift tickets and redemption of lift vouchers. tickets cashiers must interact with guests to determine their needs and to efficiently and accurately complete the sale or redemption of those products.
tidying the shop
"tiffany & co….. the name instills images of beauty, romance and the iconic blue box. it is a symbol of excellence. for over xxx years, tiffany has created a legacy of exquisite designs and romantic ideals. tiffany & co.'s rich heritage of celebrated artists, historic milestones and magnificent jewelry creates the foundation from which our employees build upon each day. tiffany employees are passionate, kind and professionally committed. we hold ourselves and our co-workers to very high standards. we continually educate ourselves about new merchandise collections, cultures and the evolving luxury market. our respect and love for the brand creates a workplace like no other. we expect our employees to deliver the tiffany experience to each and every customer and tiffany is committed to creating an organization that recognizes and rewards excellence in service of this promise. for us, it is a dream to be associated with a company that is forever aligned with exquisite craftsmanship, timeless design and a dedicated commitment to corporate sustainability."
time and a half after xx hours!!!
time management
time management skills.
"time management, ability to prioritize."
time: xam - xxam & xpm - xpm
tip income:
tipo de puesto: tiempo completo
tips – our staff has been very happy with their tips & they add up quick in a high-volume environment.
title: cashier
title: cashier/stock
title: food service baker/cashier department: food service department
"title: front of the house team member – cashier/server/busser description: be a “tour guide” to the mcalister’s experience; help our guest navigate our entire dining system from ordering, seating and delivery. to ensure that all of our guest experience the mcalister’s touch. guest are to be greeted within xx seconds and follow the x-foot rule throughout each visit. team members are to be engaged in excitement and positivity, dressed to impress, and ready to be part of the mcalister’s dining team. team members should always strive for a “little something extra” for our guest. responsibilities:"
title: taco enthusiast (aka. cashier)
"to accommodate our diverse customer base, preference may be given to bilingual candidates depending upon the needs of the location."
"to achieve success at jcpenney, a cashier assistant will possess the following:"
thursday: off
thursday (preferred)
top of the line training
"throughout your shift you will be responsible cashing out customers and for a variety of tasks to ensure the store is well kept, fully stocked and ready to satisfy every customer. good time management skills and ability to multi task will contribute greatly to your success and the smooth operations of your store."
this position is responsible for applying register procedures to process customer purchases. major qualifications (include but are not limited to):
"this position is responsible for exceptional customer service by saying “hello” and smile to all our customers, ring in our customers correctly, and help keep the front areas clean at all times."
this position might be for you if:
"this position offers a great opportunity for growth as we promote from within. our company believes in developing our team to be the best. we will give you the training and tools to succeed, and we will provide an excellent chance to grow and develop your career."
this position plays a key role within the retail division; providing excellent customer service to all customers and internal associates within the assigned store location.
"this position requires a willingness to work non-traditional business hours including nights, weekends and holidays. must be computer savvy and highly proficient in pos. strong attention to detail and the ability to prioritize multiple tasks. ability must possess problem solving, decision making and leadership skills. the ability to work as part of a team and take direction from many people is necessary. successful candidates will be organized, dependable, flexible and responsible. college education preferred. candidates should have authorization to work in the united states."
"this position requires continuous standing, full mobility, lifting, carrying and pulling up to xxlbs."
"this position requires regular standing, bending, stooping, kneeling and occasional climbing"
this position will be a shared position between two dealerships located within x mile of each other.
this position will ensure all customers receive the best coffee beverage service experience possible. qualified candidates should be comfortable interacting with guests as well as fellow team members and be able to multi-task! positions open for xst and xnd shifts.
this positions requires an employee who can work walking and standing for x hours a day
"this posting is for a position located in a school cafeteria in east aurora, ny which follows the school calendar. we are currently looking for candidates to fill positions in our food service worker position with primary duties as a cashier. the position is day shift, monday through friday and approx. xx to xx hours per week. no weekends or holidays are required for this position. unemployment is available during school breaks and vacations."
"this support advocates work-life balance and employee well-being. as members of the trojan family, employees are connected by the traditions and history that make us proud to be trojans!"
thorough knowledge of processing information and merchandise via a computer and pos register system; ability to operate and use all equipment necessary to run the store.
thorough knowledge of products offered
thoroughly check the expiration for retail and pastry items
thoroughly understand and effectively use all systems in relation to the register
"three (x) years of experience working with cash registers, including;"
three shifts: morning/noon/afternoon shifts
"to achieve success at jcpenney, a cashier supervisor will possess the following:"
"to achieve success at jcpenney, a cashier will possess the following:"
to all recruitment agencies: we do not accept unsolicited agency resumes and are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
to apply please email your resume and contact information to us or call xxx-xxx-xxxx for more information.
"to provide prompt, attentive and knowledgeable assistance to all clients"
"to select this job as one of interest to you, at a minimum, you must have the following:"
"to succeed as a barista, you should be committed to providing customers with excellent service. you should be positive, friendly, knowledgeable, and polite."
"to successfully perform this job, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty and responsibility satisfactorily. the requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. education/experience: high school diploma, or general education degree (ged), or one to three months related experience or training desirable. an equivalent combination of education and experience is acceptable. must be comfortable with data entry, using electronic devices. licenses: valid state-issued driver’s license and proof of insurance card. may be required to pass a company driving skills test. language skills: able to read, write and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence and memos in english. able to effectively communicate in one-on-one and small group situations, such as customers, clients, or other employees of the organization. mathematical skills: able to add, subtract, multiply and divide, using whole numbers, to compute costs of parking and make change. able to perform these operations using units of american money. able to keep records according to prescribed system. may be required to use adding machine, calculator, or cash register. reasoning ability: able to apply common sense when performing duties and following written and oral instructions. ability to deal with problems involving a few variables in standard situations. physical demands: while performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; and reach with hands and arms. the employee frequently is required to walk or run, and sit. the employee is occasionally required to climb, balance, stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. the employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to xx pounds. specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus. work environment: frequent exposure to wet and/or humid conditions, fumes, or airborne particles and outside weather conditions. the work environment noise level is usually moderate and occasionally loud. other: able to transfer/relocate to another facility/location without notice at any time. note: all employees are subject to internal audits to ensure compliance of all policies and procedures related to recording, handling and depositing of money received and of other duties assigned. in the event an employee fails an internal audit, the consequence may be disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment."
to support department collaboration with all other departments to insure smooth operation of facility
"to understand and abide by all point-of-sale policies, procedures and directives and effectively execute them"
to: chris.higens@animalwelfareleague.com
to: xxx-xxx-xxxx or
tobacco knowledge (not required)
tocaya organica is looking for people who like people!
today's date xx/x/xxxx
"today, we are creators, wholesalers and retailers of luxurious and quality outerwear, handbags and accessories, sold to upscale retailers in over xx countries throughout the world. we also operate xx mackage stores in north america, asia and europe. our operations continue to expand annually with offices currently in montreal, toronto, new york, miami, shanghai and paris. to support our european growth and expansion, we are excited to announce our new european office based in munich."
"today, we have more than xx,xxx employees with the strength to help you grow in any career direction you want, whether in our stores, distribution centers, manufacturing facilities or our midwest corporate offices. it's your future, maybe it starts with meijer."
"tommy bahama is more than just an island inspired brand, it’s a lifestyle! live the island life as an ambassador of our brand, representing the season’s stylish trends. we look for those who are passionate about growth as we offer a variety of rewarding positions, from sales to management. you will play an important role in our store leadership, inspiring your team to work together to achieve our goals, create an environment of aloha fun, while exceeding guest expectations - taking them someplace great. come join us, share knowledge on latest designs and provide guest with world class service!"
tompkins county community college
tons of opportunity for growth within the organization!
tool checkout — xx%
tools/equipment
top in the industry of our kind
to provide excellent customer service and attain sales goals.
"to promote good teamwork, daily tasks include:"
"to progress in this role, a successful and high performing hospitality professional at chick-fil-a xxnd and madison is someone who is consistent in their:"
to find more about the great food and service we provide please check out these links:
"to apply please stop by our hiring event. if you are unable to attend, please submit your resume, call or text to set up an interview at xxx-xxx-xxxx or xxx-xxx-xxxx"
to be a cashier at sprouts farmers market you must:
"to be a head cashier at sprouts farmers markets you must: be at least xx years of age; possess a high school diploma or ged, and x-x years of recent cashiering experience supplemented with leadership training."
"to be considered for this position please visit our web site and apply on line at the following link: https://hr.caltech.edu/work/job openings we are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. copyright ©xxxx jobelephant.com inc. all rights reserved. posted by the free value-added recruitment advertising agency jeid-xexbfcxxfxfxxaxxaaxaxexxxbdfxedx"
"to be guaranteed consideration, it is the applicant’s responsibility to ensure that all required materials are received before the initial screening date and time indicated on the job posting. incomplete application packets will not be considered. all application materials will become college property, will not be returned, and will not be copied. please visit our employment website at http://hrjobs.mtsac.edu to complete and submit your application for this position. letters of recommendation"
"to be hired, all candidates must submit to a background check and pre-employment drug screen."
"to be successful in this role, you must have excellentenglish communication skills and be able to read, write and speak fluently. youwill regularly use a computer and different software. this position requirescontinuous movement, and occasionally, you will have to lift or move up to xxpounds."
"to deliver a great experience to every customer while providing accurate, friendly and efficient checkout service; to accurately scan, price and bag products; to collect proper payment, and to provide proper change if necessary."
to find out more about our story visit mendocinofarms.com
"to perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. the requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. education and/or experience:"
"to insure compliance with all company policies, procedures and directives"
to insure the highest standards of client services are maintained at all times
"to learn more about hmshost and additional career opportunities, visit https://www.hmshost.com/. equal opportunity employer (eoe) minority/female/disabled/veteran (m/f/d/v) drug free workplace (dfw)"
to learn more about us before apply:
to perform all point-of-sale (pos) cashier-level functions
"to perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily with or without reasonable accommodations. this position is required to work nights, weekends and holidays."
"to perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. essential functions statement(s)"
"to perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. the requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions."
"the goddess and grocer is hiring for cashiers and other front of house team members. we are a breakfast, sandwich, prepared foods and boutique retail operation that serves great quality foods to the neighborhoods we are in. we believe in genuine customer service and go the extra mile to distinguish ourselves from the others. the goddess and grocer has x locations with more to come! we are hiring for cashier positions at all of our locations: bucktown, andersonville, larrabee and state street. check our website, www.goddessandgrocer.com, for street addresses of our locations. what we like to see in our team members:"
the function of a cashier is to perform the following duties in a friendly and professional manner ensuring a high level of customer service and store appearance.
strong written and oral communication skills
"tacos y mas in far rockaway, ny is looking for one cashier to join our xx person strong team. we are located on xxxx mott ave. our ideal candidate is self-driven, motivated, and hard-working. responsibilities greet customers entering and leaving the business *maintain a clean and tidy work area *accurately process all cash and credit payments *provide exceptional customer service"
take action to correct negative sales trends.
take an active role in own development
take an integrity survey
take and fill orders
"take clear, concise food and beverage orders."
"take customer food orders, enter information into the point-of-sale terminal and accurately process payments following shakey’s cash handling policies and procedures."
"take customer orders, collect payments (cash or credit/debit cards) & make change for customers"
take customer orders/service customer needs
take customer payments
take direction and complete assigned tasks and responsibilities visual presentation
take guests food and beverage order utilizing salesmanship techniques.
take guests food orders and handle cash and credit transactions
take guests’ order using the velvet taco steps of service
take initiative
"take initiative and are self-motivated are positive and happy. people who smile possess a strong work ethic entrepreneurial demonstrate reliability are interested and interesting care about our community like to have fun are lifelong learners available shifts and compensation: available shifts all days except sundays. compensation is $xx.xx - $xx.xx/hour. about brightwok kitchen: counter-serve asian hub offering gluten- and dairy-free stir-fries & salads in bright, modern digs. learn more about us at brightwok.com. by applying to this job, you agree to receive a text message with a link to your profile as well as a text message when an employer has responded to your application."
take initiative and use sound judgment
take initiative with responsibilities
take money from customers and provides correct change
take orders
take a tally of the funds in the cash register when required during a shift and produce transaction reports
"taco dumbo, a southern california meets downtown nyc fast casual restaurant is seeking highly personable, energetic and outgoing people to fill the role of cashier. we believe in and empower positive, respectful, intuitive and curious people. so only good vibes apply. we are on pace to open many locations very soon making this a great opportunity for growth. the purpose of this position is to show our guests such a marvelous time that they will want to return again and again. provide friendly, attentive, and timely service to create an exceptional dining experience for all of our guests. at all times, we are expected to be attentive to our guest needs and making them feel welcome, comfortable, important and relaxed in our home. indqs"
take orders and accurately key them into the pos system
"ta canijo is looking for a full time manager in the kitchen, and a manager for cashiers. we are looking for someone who is looking for something more permanent and is reliable. bilingual is strongly encouraged, but not required. previous manager and restaurant experience is required. the perfect candidate for this job would be someone who is quick on their feet. able to solve problems on their own. great customer service. able to be in charge of a small staff. able to handle register functions. if you feel this is a perfect match for you, please email your resume to tacanijoemployment @gmail.com"
supports a strong commitment to world class customer service and ensures a pleasant and productive shopping experience for all customers
"supports and embodies a positive store culture through honesty, integrity, and respect"
supports and participates in store shrink reduction goals and programs
"supports store management in providing a safe environment for fellow employees, customers, and vendors by identifying and rectifying hazards and/or equipment in need of maintenance."
"supports the goals, objective and mission statement set forth by whitsons."
"supports the store management in developing our customer base by thinking, reassuring and re-inviting our customers back to the store"
"supports the store management team, in the achievement of the store's goals, by providing a positive shopping experience to our customers, through the effective execution of the selling and service culture of cole haan."
sweeping and mopping floors
sweeps and mops the floor regularly
sweeps and mops the floor regularly.
switchboard experience
"synergy: we apply teamwork to create a healthy and efficient work environment. our relationships with guests, staff, and business partners are core foundations of our company."
"syracuse is a medium-sized city situated in the geographic center of new york state approximately xxx miles northwest of new york city. the metro-area population totals approximately xxx,xxx. the area offers a low cost of living and provides many social, cultural, and recreational options, including parks, museums, festivals, professional regional theater, and premier shopping venues. syracuse and central new york present a wide range of seasonal recreation and attractions ranging from water skiing and snow skiing, hiking in the adirondacks, touring the historic sites, visiting wineries along the finger lakes, and biking on trails along the erie canal."
"syracuse university has a long history of engaging veterans and the military-connected community through its educational programs, community outreach, and employment programs. after world war ii, syracuse university welcomed more than xx,xxx returning veterans to our campus, and those veterans literally transformed syracuse university into the national research institution it is today. the university’s contemporary commitment to veterans builds on this historical legacy, and extends to both class-leading initiatives focused on making an su degree accessible and affordable to the post-x/xx generation of veterans, and also programs designed to position syracuse university as the employer of choice for military veterans, members of the guard and reserve, and military family members."
"syracuse university is a private, international research university with distinctive academics, diversely unique offerings and an undeniable spirit. located in the geographic heart of new york state, with a global footprint, and nearly xxx years of history, syracuse university offers a quintessential college experience. the scope of syracuse university is a testament to its strengths: a pioneering history dating back to xxxx; a choice of more than xxx majors and xxx minors offered through xx schools and colleges; nearly xx,xxx undergraduates and x,xxx graduate students; more than a quarter of a million alumni in xxx countries; and a student population from all xx u.s. states and xxx countries. for more information, please visit www.syracuse.edu."
"syracuse university is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action institution. the university prohibits discrimination and harassment based on race, color, creed, religion, sex, gender, national origin, citizenship, ethnicity, marital status, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression, veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable law to the extent prohibited by law. this nondiscrimination policy covers admissions, employment, and access to and treatment in university programs, services, and activities."
"syracuse university maintains an inclusive learning environment in which students, faculty, administrators, staff, curriculum, social activities, governance, and all other aspects of campus life reflect a diverse, multi-cultural, and international worldview. the university community recognizes and values the many similarities and differences among individuals and groups. at syracuse, we are committed to preparing students to understand, live among, appreciate, and work in an inherently diverse country and world made up of people with different ethnic and racial backgrounds, military backgrounds, religious beliefs, socio-economic status, cultural traditions, abilities, sexual orientations and gender identities. to do so, we commit ourselves to promoting a community that celebrates and models the principles of diversity and inclusivity."
"syracuse, ny unionized position code"
systems and standards:
"take orders accurately, timely, and offer menu assistance through suggestively selling beverages, sides, and desserts to complement each guest order."
take orders and money from customers additional info:
"supporting opening and closing store activities, when needed"
"takes ownership for enhancing the customer experience • partners with selling and sales support associates to provide superior customer service (i.e., assist customers, answer phones) • leverages technology in order to facilitate the customer experience • completes customer transactions accurately and efficiently at point-of-sale • executes consistent operational and selling processes (i.e., credit application process, ratchet repair program) • optimizes credit, gift card, shop your way rewards and multi-channel opportunities (and, where applicable, protection agreements, merchandise replacement agreements, and other miscellaneous income opportunities) • educates customers on our satisfaction guaranteed return policy; • assists in resolving customer issues • assists with merchandise support tasks (i.e., fitting room maintenance, straightening merchandise) during non-peak hours • adheres to merchandise protection standards • uses basic internet navigation to access and print information/reports • performs other duties as assigned • basic reading, arithmetic, writing and oral communication skills • basic internet navigation"
takes ownership of role
takes personal initiative for technical and professional development.
takes responsibility for actions.
"takes the appropriate steps to investigate exceptions, fraud, and potential violations and report such instances to the appropriate levels of management."
takes the guests order and handles cash and credit transaction
takes the guests order and handles cash and credit transaction accurately
taking accurate food orders
taking accurate orders
"taking accurate orders at pos register, processing payment"
taking customer orders via phone and small dining area (when applicable)
"taking inventory and replenishing items in display cases, at tables, or behind the counter."
taking orders
"taking orders / cashier work,"
taking orders and delivering food
taking orders from customers and processing payments efficiently
taking out the trash
taking phone and walk-in orders
"taking phone orders, seating people, packing take out orders."
"taking phone orders, when needed"
takes ownership for enhancing the member experience in the store and at every touchpoint. provides the highest degree of member service by making the member the first priority. demonstrates the right behaviors in the selling process and takes ownership for identifying needs and recommending appropriate solutions
takes money from customers and provides correct change.
take orders and receive payment for transactions.
takes initiative-shows curiosity; strives toward continuous improvement and learning; takes action without being prompted; is motivated and resourceful in achieving successful results quickly
take orders and serve food to customers
"take orders, operate the pos system, assist guests with the order process, answer questions about the menu, products, ordering procedures, bag orders, etc."
"take ownership in helping to run the store, operating the point of sale system, assisting customers, and providing general housekeeping"
take payments and tender change
take payments and tender change.
"take payments, archive, tracking payments; input registration document online and stay organized."
take phone orders
take photos of the children and families posing with santa
take pride in every aspect of your work and perform it with energy and enthusiasm
"take responsibility for achieving individual and team sales goals. enhance the guest’s experience by providing prompt, friendly, knowledgeable, and professional service that supports tommy bahamas’ retail mission statement, core values and service excellence techniques."
"take the necessary steps to ensure minors are not allowed to gamble or loiter in gambling areas, drink alcoholic beverages, or purchase tobacco."
take your career beyond the ordinary—to the extraordinary.
take/serve food orders from guests; accurately enter orders in our point-of-sale system which relays orders to the kitchen.
"takes accurate guest orders, processes guest payments, and prepares any drink orders."
takes care of basic client inquiries.
takes charge of personal learning/growth
takes direction well
"takes direction/instruction from manager, assistant manager, and weekend supervisor."
takes guest orders over the counter with
supporting other areas of the restaurant
"support your team in keeping the cafe running smoothly and beautifully - these tasks may vary but can include washing dishes, clearing dishes, sweeping, dusting, mopping, cleaning and organizing condiment station, and taking out trash requirements for barista and cashier position:"
the food worker cashier is responsible for:
suggestive selling.
suggestively sells additional menu items
"suggests alternative movie selections, as appropriate."
"summary as a cashier, you are a vital part of our store team that is responsible for the day to day operations and the care and service provided to our customers/patients. this individual is responsible for provide excellent customer service to people shopping in rite aid stores. all duties described in this document are to be performed in keeping with the core values and service attributes consistent with the rite aid brand and strategy. the associate is responsible for the functions below, in addition to other duties as assigned: provide excellent customer service by assisting customers with their shopping needs, answering customer inquiries, and resolving customer complaints."
summary of position
"summary of position: our food service workers are considered a jack of all trades; they are cross trained to have the ability to work in various roles at their location. most often, they assume one of the roles of either cashier, dish/pot washer, food prep and server, but our employees can perform the duties (on an as needed basis) summarized below:"
summary: conducts cashiering functions for casino guests in accordance with established standards and controls.
summary: interacts with customers and accepting payment from them for products and services provided.
"summary: operates point of sale system, assists the chef, prepares coffee, and keeps the coffee and cashier stations clean. essential duties and responsibilities:"
"summary: performs cashiering duties, including general food service work. maintains sanitation standards in the preparation, service and dining room facilities. essential duties and responsibilities:"
"summary: performs cashiering duties, including making cash transactions, verifying cash drawer, giving change, counting cash receipts and completing cash reports. may also perform general food service work. maintains sanitation standards in the preparation, service and dining room facilities. essential duties and responsibilities:"
"summary: processes all cash transactions while providing spectacular customer service. performs duties in accordance with applicable gaming regulations and policies and procedures. duties: performs all duties within the rules and regulations of cage slots operations consistent with employee handbook. receives and exchanges cash, checks, gift certificates, gaming chips, slot tickets, and other vouchers from guests. maintains physical custody of the cashier's inventory of currency, coins, tokens, forms, documents and records transactions accurately at a cashier station or working on the gaming floor. handles fill and credit transactions. processes cash advances and check cashing. maintains payroll check cashing registry. performs all duties in accordance with our spectacular customer service standards. responsible for signing in and out necessary keys for assigned shift. performs basic troubleshooting on player terminals when rotated to floor. cashes out jackpots under the direct supervision of the supervisor/cashier. effectively, efficiently and professionally communicates with coworkers using electronic media qualifications: high school diploma or ged required. cash handling experience preferred. minimum of two x years large volume cash handling experience is preferred, coupled with a fast-paced business environment."
"summary: provides guest service by properly seating guests at their tables, cleans dining areas and assists food and beverage staff as needed. duties: sees to all the needs of the dining guests by providing clearly superior customer service. ability to learn and follow the room rotation system for seating guests. assists in keeping the host/hostess area clean and organized. actively practices the customer service standards. assists co workers with rolling silverware and other assigned side work duties. greets guests and answers questions. makes all cash transactions, gives change and cash out till. assist guests with comps and food specials coupons, two-for-one etc. assists with reservations. qualifications: high school diploma or ged. some food preparation training is helpful. food handlers card required. one x year of experience in food and beverage industry."
"summary: provides service to guests i.e. taking food orders for deli, espresso, making change, and answering questions concerning casino food and entertainment. duties: greets guests and answers questions. processes all food rebenue transactions for the deli and satellite areas. ability to be cross trained to work in the satellite areas. provides food service and make sales to gaming floor guests using the food cart. assists guests with comps and food specials. stocks the condiments and maintains the deli beverage stattions. maintains the cleanliness of the deli dining and counter areas. qualifications: must be xx years of age and enrolled in high school or hold a high school diploma or ged. cashiers selling food on the gaming floor must be at least xx years og age. x years of cash or customer service related experience, preferred."
summary: receives cash and credit card payments from parking patrons at the airport.
"summary: responsible for processing currency transactions and answering a multi-line telephone system by performing the following duties. duties and responsibilities include the following. other duties may be assigned. receives payments for customer repair orders, parts, vehicle sales and other miscellaneous sales in accordance with training procedures."
"sun & ski is a leading outdoor retailer specializing in equipment, apparel, footwear and accessories to enhance our customers' active lifestyles. the company operates xx+ stores across xx+ states and offers online sales at www.sunandski.com . our core stores feature a broad selection of products for year-round outdoor lifestyle activities including ski, bike, board, run, swim and surf, while our northeast stores sell ski and snowboard equipment and apparel in the winter and outdoor lifestyle furniture in the summer. our commitment to providing exceptional service, unparalleled expertise and the highest quality products is the cornerstone of our unique approach and our xxx% performance guarantee."
sun xx:xx-x:xx
sunday (preferred)
sunday (required)
suggestively sell and up sell items.
suggestive sell products.
sunday xx:xx-x:xx
suggesting multiple add?ons and selling gift cards
students & recent grads encouraged to apply
"students, faculty, staff and visitors on the health sciences campus (hsc) count on usc hospitality to provide a fresh, made-to-order, wholesome meal. with options including einstein bros. bagels, starbucks, and panda express, hsc exceeds all of our customers’ expectations for convenient and satisfying cuisine. also located on the hsc campus, seeds marketplace (seeds north) and plaza marketplace offer handcrafted and customizable salads, sandwiches and smoothies, as well as grab and go snacks and beverages. we take pride in providing extraordinary service and plentiful high-quality food options that reflect the trojan focus on excellence."
"style is never in short supply at our more than xxx homegoods stores and we are constantly on a mission to provide the little surprises and extra touches that make a house feel like home. same with working here. our environment is ever-changing, yet always encouraging. every shift is a new opportunity to discover different."
subject to environmental conditions. protection from weather conditions but not necessarily from temperature changes. subject to atmospheric conditions.
submit your application if you are interested in kitchen position. the application can be downloaded from www.chafortea.com or pick up at any cha locations.
"subway at collegetown: xxx dryden rd, ithaca and xxx pine tree rd, ithaca has an immediate part time position open."
success profile :
success profile:
success with our cashier position (clerk i) leads to advancement opportunities in as soon as x-x months with corresponding increase in compensation
"successful candidate(s) must have an outgoing, friendly and customer focused attitude, and must have the ability work with speed, attention to detail, consistency and organization. punctuality, reliability, and the ability to work effectively on a team are a must."
"successful candidate(s) must have an outgoing, friendly and customer focused attitude, and must have the ability work with speed, attention to detail, consistency and organization. punctuality, reliability, and the ability to work effectively on a team are a must. essential duties and responsibilities"
"successful candidates must be able to work in a very fast-paced environment and handle multiple priorities, as well as willing to be flexible with their schedules as work shifts may include days, nights and weekends."
successful candidates must meet the following qualifications:
"successful performance requires specific vision abilities that include close vision and the ability to adjust focus to check identification cards, checks, invoices and other written documents."
successfully complete in store training program.
successfully pass a drug & physical screening physical demands
successfully pass a medical background
successfully works the drive-thru window and works the phone for phone-in orders as assigned.
"suggest items that need customers needs, gift cards, accessories, shoe care"
sunday - xx:xx am to x:xx pm
sunday: off
support to process to go orders and transactions for guests; protect the brand by certifying presentation and quality of products.
support a food safety and sanitized work environment
support cashier
"support cashier the support cashier is responsible for performing various functions that support the sales operations of the stores which will consist of primarily pos transactions but could also include merchandise handling, stock processing, and stockroom organization. receives, stores, and replenishes sales floor merchandise and stocks merchandise. may periodically work sales floor."
"support cashier the support cashier is responsible for performing various functions that support the sales operations of the stores which will consist of primarily pos transactions but could also include merchandise handling, stock processing, and stockroom organization. receives, stores, and replenishes sales floor merchandise and stocks merchandise. may periodically work sales floor. functional responsibilities:"
support each other by acting as back-up when extra help is needed
support execution of major transitions and in-store marketing (ism)
support execution of major transitions and ism.
"support functions which may include cleaning the food, display and/or stock areas and assisting with stocking"
"support global, regional and store programs"
"support global, regional, and store programs."
"support guest services with cashiering, order pick up (opu) and drive up (du), where applicable"
"support guest services with cashiering, order pick up (opu) and drive up (du), where applicable."
support other departments as necessary.
"support selling team though runner function on instoreds tool, responding in timely manner to deliver product to ca during client appointments."
support store and company level strategies to reduce shrink; observe and monitor for signs of shrink and advise management of any unusual internal or external activity.
support store and company level strategies to reduce shrink; observe and monitor for signs of shrink and advise store leadership of any unusual internal or external activity.
"support store manager in all tasks necessary to the efficient operation of the store. provide prompt and courteous service to customers in order to maximize sales and customer service, so as to promote the company’s image of quality and professionalism."
"support store operations by maintaining loss prevention awareness, assisting with store office activities and helping to prepare for physical inventory"
support the operations and maintenance of the store in regards to the facility and fixtures
support the store management team in the achievement of all financial and operational objectives with regards to expense control and loss prevention standards.
support all company / management decisions operations
"supplemental benefits, including: life insurance, ad&d, critical illness, pet insurance and more"
sundays off!
supplement advisor - learn the basics of our supplement products and advises customers looking for holistic care and natural products
"sunglass hut is a global leader in the sale of premium sunglasses with over xxxx retail stores across north america. we offer competitive benefits, valuable training, and unlimited growth opportunities."
"sunmerry started in japan and was brought to taiwan in xxxx. with the japanese baking techniques and the local taiwan flavors, sunmerry bakery has become a household name in taipei."
"super busy bakery in burbank, ca. looking for a friendly team player to join our team. the description for the job goes as follows:"
superb customer service
superior customer relations
superior customer service skills
superior guest focus
"superior knowledge of purpose, vision, mission, strategy, operations, and products."
superior organizational and time management skills
supervise and train personnel in various cashier task and duties.
supervises: cashiers responsibilities:
supervises: n/a responsibilities:
supervisor: general manager/manager on duty
supervisor: x year (preferred)
supervisory responsibilities
supervisory responsibilities: none
supervisory status
supervisory: x year (required)
"taking, assembling and delivering customer orders, cleaning and stocking while in a fast paced environment"
talent acquisition and training – creates and monitors the store’s open requisitions and routes qualified applicants to the appropriate hiring manager. coordinates the interview talent tryout process. schedules and coordinates new hire orientations and training and administers ongoing associate training. partners with the merchandise supervisor and general manager on training compliance and schedule optimization.
"talent coach - continuously develops the competencies of both self and others - serve all, love all!"
"the cashier adds consistent value to the otc team by adapting to various situations with ease and by being flexible. we at aids healthcare foundation believe that each individual is entitled to equal employment opportunities without regard to race, color, creed, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status or disability. the right of equal employment opportunity extends to recruiting, hiring selection, transfer, promotion, training and all other conditions of employment."
"the cashier crewmembers are the first and last impression to all of our guests. they are trained in multiple areas of the restaurant from guest interaction, to expediting orders, to hands-on cooking and ice cream preparation. as the cashier you will interact with the guest from the order to the execution. you will be working in a fast paced environment using your ability to multitask with efficiency and professionalism."
"the cashier ensures that guests are greeted warmly upon entry and over the phone, shares descriptions about our many dessert selections, and serves our to go guests. additionally, this person assists guests in making menu selections over the phone, takes and rings in orders, packages to go food and beverages, processes payments, and assists fellow team members to ensure overall guest satisfaction."
"the cashier ensures that guests are greeted warmly upon entry and over the phone, shares descriptions about our menu selections, and serves our guests."
"the cashier is responsible for accurately collecting and reconciling revenue while providing exceptional hospitality services in an attentive, friendly and efficient manner to all guests during their entire stay."
the cashier is responsible for completing sales transactions within the establishment and performing other
the cashier is responsible for driving sales and profit in their identified area of business and supporting the overall store performance. the associate is also responsible for delivering an exceptional customer experience by keeping the store environment organized and ready for customers and by offering friendly efficient service. who you are:
"the cashier is responsible for general store related duties including operating a cash register, providing excellent customer service, and maintaining a clean, neat and safe work environment. this position may also be cross-trained and responsible for duties including, but not limited to, sorting, pricing, and stocking merchandise."
"the cashier is responsible for positively impacting the customer’s shopping experience by providing the customer with an exceptional cash and wrap experience. the cashier maximizes sales by delivering efficient, friendly and knowledgeable service and ensuring customer is consistently informed of aeo loyalty programs. the cashier is expected to role model aeo values and aeo customer first behaviors in all actions and interactions in order to create a positive customer first experience. position title: cashier"
the cashier is responsible for register transactions involving the sale and/or return of merchandise. customer service
the cashier is responsible for register transactions involving the sale and/or return of merchandise. essential duties & responsibilities
the cashier is responsible for register transactions involving the sale and/or return of merchandise. essential duties and responsibilities
"the cashier is the customer service specialist of the store. they are responsible for exceeding customer service expectations by listening to customer needs, offering extensive product knowledge at the pos and going above and beyond to ensure they’ve created an authentic connection with the customer."
"the cashier level ii plans, directs, and coordinates the daily activites of the cashier office in the assigned location. the cashier level ii is responsible for sull knowledge and adherence to all cashiering procedures, to include: acceptance and verification of correct fees, managing discrpancies, lockbox management, deposit and returned check prodecures, reports and verifications in tdis or other databases."
"the cashier position will be responsible for the providing excellent customer service for our guests while ensuring a clean, fast and friendly café environment. a cashier is trained to assist with any guest’s expectations. if you enjoy making people smile while working with a great team and being part of a company that is a great place to work, we want you as a cashier! cashier job responsibilities:"
"the cashier position will be responsible for the providing excellent customer service for our guests while ensuring a clean, fast and friendly café environment. a cashier is trained to assist with any guest’s expectations. if you enjoy making people smile while working with a great team and being part of a company that is great place to work, we want you as a cashier! cashier job responsibilities:"
"the cashier reports to the head cashier, pos manager, and operations manager"
"the cashier role is critical to the overall impression that a customer receives during their visit to coach by applying the coach service skills at the cashwrap. a cashier’s ability to offer friendly, efficient service is vital to ensuring a positive customer experience. cashiers must be able to assess the store environment, understand the needs of their customer (and any waiting customer) and match their service appropriately."
"the cashier will greet guests at point of sale, handle cash and credit card transactions, process returns and exchanges, promoting company’s status program and gift cards. cashiers also play a key role in helping to fill in and maintain the sales floor for ease of customer shopping ensuring that merchandise presentation, and guest service standards are met. cashiers will provide each guest with an amazing shopping experience by: processing purchases accurately and quickly, consistently performing the company’s service standards and inviting the customer to come back and shop with us again. cashiers will be expected to live the company’s higher purpose of delivering value to live better and exhibit the company’s core values in all that they say and do."
"the cashier will provide customer service by processing customer orders in an efficient, accurate, safe and courteous manner at check out. essential duties and responsibilities"
"the cashier can enhance the experience of other otc employees by being friendly and helpful and by offering to give them a helping hand when they need it. in addition, giving feedback to their manager about how service could be improved will allow the team member to enhance their contribution."
the cashier adds consistent value to the otc team by adapting to various situations with ease and by being flexible.
"the cashier/food service worker works primarily in the foodservice operation, handling cash and credit transactions from sodexo customers. in addition, they will assist in setup and serving of food from counters and steamtables. duties will include cleaning and sanitizing equipment and work stations. as a cashier, they must accurately operate the cash register/pos and complete the transactions. will also provide support to the retail operation, including setup, maintaining supplies and products, and assisting in cleanup and closedown. the general responsibilities of the position include those listed below, but sodexo may identify other responsibilities of the position. these responsibilities may differ among accounts, depending on business necessities and client requirements."
the cashier / cafe worker is the front of the house representative of nexdine. customer service must be exceptional along with experience using the point of sale system. cashier / cafe worker candidate must be a team player and ability to multi-task! cashier / cafe worker responsibilities:
"the associate is regularly exposed to risk of radiation (from computers), as a great deal of the workday is spent working on spreadsheets or inputting data into the computer system."
"the associate is regularly required to stand, for long periods of time."
"the associate must frequently lift and/or move up to x pounds. specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus. work environment:"
"the athenaeum at caltech is a very exciting and beautiful place to work, with its private club/country club environment and its upscale hotel."
"the barista is responsible for serving all products with friendly, individualized attention towards each customer. the barista is also responsible for educating customers about coffees and specialty drinks. the barista fulfills any other duties the store manager or shift manager assigns and represents cares coffee bar in a professional manner"
the barista/cashier is responsible for serving quality food and beverages to our guests in a friendly and helpful manner and in accordance with parkhurst culinary gold standards. barista/cashier is expected to have friendly interactions with customers and to practice genuine hospitality when working with guests and other team members. benefits
the best training in the restaurant industry
the boring legal stuff:
"the box office cashier may also be asked to double as the concession worker, restaurant worker, or usher, as staffing needs require. as a result, such an employee must also be able to perform the essential job functions of those positions."
"the brand ambassador will have superior customer service skills, experience in a fast pace restaurant, knowledge of point of sale and cash handling skills."
the cafe cashier position requires and is responsible for the following:
the cafe menu includes cacao tea blends and drinks made with our single origin chocolate. freshly toasted house marshmallows are available to top our cafe creations. at indi our baristas and team members are encouraged to help create intriguing new items to our cafe menu!
"the cage cashier (primary position) is responsible for cashiering duties within the casino cage, and is scheduled to fill the cage shift supervisor (secondary position) position, as needed. the cage shift supervisor assists in overseeing the day-to-day operations of the cage department and provides excellent guest service. all duties are to be performed within the guidelines of the seneca gaming corporation’s policies and procedures, internal control standards and objectives."
"the cage cashier is responsible for providing monetary services for casino guests, including, but not limited to: exchanging casino chips, coins and tickets for cash; processing advances drawn from credit and debit cards; cashing and depositing checks; establishing and processing transactions for patron deposit accounts; processing transactions for patron casino credit accounts; exchanging currency, foreign and domestic; and making change. the cage cashier is also responsible for providing monetary services for other casino departments and team members thereof. additionally, the cage cashier is responsible for all duties of a main banker, general cashier banker, chip banker, and marker banker, as well as for maintaining and supporting various remote kiosks, which service casino guests and other casino departments. all duties are to be performed within the guidelines of the seneca gaming corporation’s policies and procedures, internal control standards and objectives. position requirements"
"the candidate will attend to guests in morsel’s café/gift shop. the candidate will up sell beverages, pastries and other selections, accurately process transactions, and provide excellent service to all guests."
"the candidate will demonstrate that they have prior experience in cashiering. the candidate will have a thorough knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer service, inclusive of customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for services, and evaluation of customer satisfaction. a thorough knowledge of the structure and content of the english language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar. a thorough knowledge of arithmetic, algebra, geometry, calculus, statistics, and their applications. a thorough knowledge of administrative and clerical procedures and systems such as word processing, managing files and records, scanning and indexing. past experience as a cashier and or bank teller is preferable."
"the candidate will provide professional client service, which includes but is not limited to: performing accurate transactions, greeting the client, smiling, and thanking each client for his or her business. the candidate will refer clients to other departments or offices as needed. the candidate will be able to perform the basic transactions that include but are not limited to such accepting payments, verifying cash and checks and obtaining further authorization when necessary. the candidate shall prepare an individual daily balance of teller cash transactions, as well as other reports as necessary. the candidate will perform more complex transactions at the discretion and direction of the supervisor. the candidate shall follow all operating procedures as outlined in the cashier manual. the candidate will be able to handle a proportionate volume of work based on office demands."
the cashier / cafe worker is the front of the house representative of nexdine. customer service must be exceptional along with experience using the point of sale system. cashier / cafe worker candidate must be a team player and ability to multi-task!
"the cashier works primarily in the retail operation, handling cash and credit transactions from sodexo customers. their main function is to accurately operate the cash register/pos and complete the transactions. provides support to the retail operation, including setup, maintaining supplies and products, and assisting in cleanup and closedown. the general responsibilities of the position include those listed below, but sodexo may identify other responsibilities of the position. these responsibilities may differ among accounts, depending on business necessities and client requirements."
"the cashier/food service worker works primarily inthe food service operation, handling cash and credit card transaction. in addition, they will assist in setup and serving of food fromcounters and tables. duties will include cleaning and sanitizing equipmentand work stations. will also provide support to theretail operation, including setup, maintaining supplies and products, and assistingin cleanup and close down."
"talk/hear, communicate, detect, converse with, discern, convey, express oneself, exchange information; the person in this position frequently communicates with fellow employees or guests. must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations."
"the dunkin' donuts trademarks, logos and designs are trademarks of dd ip holder, llc. used under license. summary:"
the duties of this position may change from time to time. momofuku reserves the right to add or delete duties and responsibilities at the discretion of momofuku or its managers. this job description is intended to describe the general level of work being performed. it is not intended to be all-inclusive. what's in it for you?
the education. sephora heavily invests in training for our store associates – not just product knowledge but building a personalized career plan with you so you can achieve your professional goals
"the employee is frequently required to stand, walk, use hands and fingers to handle and feel objects, tools, or controls; and stoop, crawl, kneel, or crouch."
the employee is occasionally be required to climb ladders and balance.
the employee must frequently lift and/or move up to xx lbs. and occasionally lift and/or move up to xx lbs.
the employee must occasionally exert or lift up to xx pounds carrying boxes of records and forms and frequently exert or lift moderate amounts of weight.
"the employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to xx pounds. specific vision abilities required by this position include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, and the ability to adjust focus."
"the employee must regularly lift and/or move up to xx pounds, frequently lift and/or move up to xx pounds, and occasionally lift and/or move up to xx pounds."
"the environment is laid back, relaxed, and we operate as a family unit. we are reasonably flexible with scheduling."
"the essential duties and responsibilities of this position include, but are not limited to, the following:"
"the exit x food hall is the first of its kind in westchester county offering local, freshly-prepared food and drinks. here you can find a true dine-around experience among x different food stations — a throwback to one-stop dining. the food emphasizes locally-sourced and artisanal crafted items, with constantly changing menus featuring fresh and seasonal food. our mantra is ""slow food....fast."" exit x is also highly focused on providing a casual, fun and communal experience with an eclectic décor highlighted by one of a kind items with local ingredients prepared our way. we believe in sustainability and leaving the smallest carbon footprint possible-and a few examples of this in our everyday service is: serving our wine and beer on tap (no bottle waste); serving filtered water in our own glass, reusable bottles (no plastic bottle waste); and using green box (a box that serves as plates and gets smaller for left-overs) for our largest delivery/take-out item, pizza. we also make sure that any daily left-over food is distributed to our needy in the local community. we opened in february of xxxx to fill a need in our community. we support our community by giving the gift of food and supporting all local organizations. please let us know about your experiences and how we can server you better. hope to see you soon... exit x is a food hall with x stations including a craft beer and wine bar all on tap. if you are a team player and looking to work in a fun environment, this might be for you. we are looking for a part time person available on weekends. must have passion for people and food be willing to learn other stations to get more hours hourly wage plus gratuity experience from x-x years customer service. * professional manner. * ability to read, write, and speak english. * basic math skills. * strong communication and problem-solving skills."
"the experienced cook and cashier will split time between the two roles, and their goal should be to one day become an assistant/kitchen manager. an ideal candidate for this position is a pizza cook with cashier experience or a pizza cook that can demonstrate the ability to be a cashier."
"the fine print: the above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by the individuals assigned to this position. they are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of individuals in this position. this position description is subject to change by the company as the needs and requirements of the position change."
"the flagship store has an exciting opportunity for an individual interested in a seasonal cashier position. this person will effectively perform the daily work-flow of the cash department. additionally, this person will prepare, review and maintain all reporting standards of the department and have thorough knowledge of point of sales (pos). the successful individual will be responsible for balancing registers for all floors. additionally, this position requires the reconciliation of tenders and preparation of terminal analysis report for all floors using excel spreadsheets. preparing bank deposits and cash ledgers, acting as liaison with selling floors for resolving day to day pos issues and performing change function on the selling floor and terminal pick up is very important. additionally the ideal candidate will process pos transactions on the selling floor, prepare store closing procedures and run end of day reports and audit pos waybills for proper compliance of company policy and procedure including sarbanes oxley process. preparation of daily cashier review status, daily and monthly reports. attend service window for internal customers."
"the foh team member is responsible for greeting guests and taking their orders. while taking orders, foh staff is responsible for operating the pos, and collecting payment. attention to detail and emphasis on hospitality is a must. the main focus is to service all guests at the restaurant and maintain high end hospitality, food standards, and a clean, safe work area according to company standards."
"the following statement, with respect to equal employment opportunity, confirms and continues our established position: the assemblage operated by kokua hospitality is an equal opportunity employer. kokua does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, age, sex, religion, ancestry, national origin, mental or physical disability, marital status, military status, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law."
"the following statement, with respect to equalemployment opportunity, confirms and continues our established position: theassemblage operated by kokua hospitality is an equal opportunity employer. kokua does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, age, sex, religion, ancestry, national origin, mental or physical disability, marital status, military status, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law."
the following statements are intended as general illustrations of the work in this class and are not all-inclusive.
"the food service worker may work anywhere on property where food is prepared. this person will assist in setup and serving of food from counters and steamtables. duties will include cleaning and sanitizing equipment and work stations. the general responsibilities of the position include those listed below, but sodexo may identify other responsibilities of the position. these responsibilities may differ among accounts, depending on business necessities and client requirements."
"the duties listed are not set forth for purposes of limiting the assignment of work. they are not to be construed as a complete list of the many duties normally to be performed under a job title, or those to be performed temporarily outside an employee’s normal line of work."
"the dough zone was featured in the seattle magazine last january xxxx; this family-style restaurant matches the neighborhood with a hip vibe and modern twist. we currently have x dough zone restaurants in different locations (bellevue, seattle, redmond & issaquah) and still expanding. join us!"
"the cashier/stock position at au bon pain is the first and last impression for our guests. located towards the front of every café, the cashier is the person responsible for speaking with every guest on both their way in and out of the café, directing traffic, and collecting payment for all purchases. the cashier is also responsible for helping to keep the café stocked with all products. position summary:"
"the dinex group, the restaurant group of chef daniel boulud, is seeking retail specialist for epicerie boulud, our eat in/take out market featuring the same quality of service and ingredients found in all of our the restaurants, presented in a more casual form. the epicerie offers a chance to elevate quick service dining into an exceptional retail experience. the cashier / barista will be responsible for facilitating the guest experience at epicerie boulud. ideal candidates will be team oriented and preferably have some prior retail and or coffee/espresso experience and be responsible for providing extraordinary customer service. he/she will greet guests, ring up customer orders, handle monetary transactions, pick up drinks and assist in retail sales in addition to having full knowledge of the menu and gourmet products. if you are interested in the opportunity to be part of that growth within an organization who values you, and that recognizes your dedication and hard work, then we invite you to apply. more detail about épicerie boulud - lincoln center part of the dinex group, the restaurant group of chef daniel boulud"
the cashier’s main responsibilities are:
"the city of new york’s office of administrative trials and hearings (oath) is the nation’s largest administrative tribunal, holding approximately xxx,xxx trials and hearings a year. oath is an independent, central administrative law court with two divisions: the oath trials division and the oath hearings division. the oath trials division adjudicates a wide range of complex matters referred by city agencies. oath’s hearings division conducts hearings on summonses including health, safety and quality of life matters that are filed by xx different city agencies. oath hearings are conducted by hearing officers. oath’s clerk’s office seeks to hire a full-time clerical associate to work in the penalty processing unit to process and collect all fines and fees. the clerical associate works under supervision, with latitude for independent judgment, and performs moderately difficult clerical and related work. specific duties will include, but are not limited to: answer customer questions regarding account status, acceptable forms of payment and other related issues;"
"the college is an equal opportunity employer. the policy of the college is to encourage applications from ethnic and racial minorities, women, persons with disabilities, and vietnam-era veterans. no person shall be denied employment because of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex (gender), age, sexual orientation, or the perception that a person has one or more of these characteristics.   conflict of interest:"
the company:
the compensation range is $xx- $xx ph
"the concessions cashier is responsible for providing quick and efficient service to customers and a variety of duties relating to fast food-style service including cold food preparation, stocking counters and steam table, and maintaining sanitation standards. primary responsibilities"
the conditions herein are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job functions.
"the cook's helper provides support services for cafeteria, production, and or patient care areas."
"the cook's helper provides support services for cafeteria, production, and or patient care areas. positions include but are not limited to grill, cashier, deli, salad bar, nutrition services aid, pantry aide, and catering. responsibilities include, but not limited to: x. preparation and serving of sufficient hot and cold food for patients, cafeteria and catering and/or mini deli areas. x. replenishing food and supplies in cafeteria, catering and/or patient food service areas. x. setting up catered functions and delivering coffee. x. cashing and keeping cash records. x. setting up, opening, and closing of cafeteria and/or mini deli. x. delivering and picking up tray carts on nursing units. x. delivering patient menus."
"the core responsibilities of this position include, but are not limited to, the following:"
the cosmopolitan in las vegas
the counter/cash server is expected to sell to and serve all guests and collect for all meals served. essential (primary) functions
"the counter/cashier operator is expected to serve all guests at the counter/dining room, process carry out orders and are also responsible for collecting payment for all meals served."
"the crewmember – at raising cane’s, “what we do” is serve the perfect box, fast, friendly, clean & have fun! a crewmember has the primary responsibility of providing a positive customer experience, including ensuring all food orders are prepared to raising cane’s standards and working in various areas of the restaurant (e.g., front counter, dining room, kitchen, and drive thru). ultimately, a crewmember is responsible for upholding raising cane’s standards."
"the customer service associate is responsible for our shopper’s card program and general questions from customers involving pricing, returns and location of merchandise. in addition, this position is responsible for the processing of customer purchases. this individual must be able to assist customers in the payment of their purchases using any number of transaction options (i.e. cash, credit or debit cards, checks or other forms of payment.) this is not a supervisory position."
"the customer service associate – front end is responsible for delivering excellent customer service during the checkout process. this associate is one of the last interactions with our customer before leaving the store and needs to ensure the customer is satisfied and encouraged to come back to lowe’s. therefore, engaging with customers as well as attention to detail are extremely important in this role."
"the customer service associate – sales floor delivers excellent customer service by listening to customers, using expertise to help customers, and loading merchandise for customers. overall, most of this associate’s time is spent interacting with our customers and ensuring they receive the best possible shopping and project planning experience."
the details
"the dinex group, the restaurant group of chef daniel boulud, is seeking retail specialist for epicerie boulud, our eat in/take out market featuring the same quality of service and ingredients found in all of our the restaurants, presented in a more casual form. the epicerie offers a chance to elevate quick service dining into an exceptional retail experience. the cashier / barista will be responsible for facilitating the guest experience at epicerie boulud. ideal candidates will be team oriented and preferably have some prior retail and or coffee/espresso experience and be responsible for providing extraordinary customer service. he/she will greet guests, ring up customer orders, handle monetary transactions, pick up drinks and assist in retail sales in addition to having full knowledge of the menu and gourmet products. if you are interested in the opportunity to be part of that growth within an organization who values you, and that recognizes your dedication and hard work, then we invite you to apply. for more information about the dinex group and chef daniel boulud, please visit www.danielboulud.com. we offer competitive wages as well as medical, dental and xxxk benefits, as well as paid vacations. the dinex group is an equal opportunity employer. company introduction:"
the assemblage is a collaborative space and home for a community of individuals who believe the world is on the verge of a collective conscious evolution; transitioning from a society defined by the delusion of individualism and separation into one of mutual interconnectedness.
"the army & air force exchange service, also known as “the exchange,” is the retailer on us army and air force installations worldwide. an $x billion enterprise ranked among the top retailers, the exchange operates department stores, convenience stores, restaurants, movie theaters and an internet shopping site to serve soldiers, airmen and their families. in addition to us bases in germany, italy, england, turkey, south korea and japan, the exchange operates stores for us troops in iraq, afghanistan and other countries in the region. the exchange ensures soldiers and airmen have access to us goods and services, wherever they serve."
"the armani group is one of the leading fashion and luxury goods groups in the world today with xx,xxx direct employees, xx production plants and more than x,xxx boutiques in xx countries around the world. it designs, manufactures, distributes and retails fashion and lifestyle products including apparel, accessories, eyewear, watches, jewelry, home interiors, fragrances and cosmetics under brand names: giorgio armani, emporio armani and a|x armani exchange."
"team player - develops a positive, respectful, productive and professional work environment through positive connections with others and"
team player and a willingness to go above and beyond
team player and able to work in a fast-paced environment.
team player focused on providing exemplary customer service
team player: works well as a member of a group
team vision ( title) together as a team
team with positive attitudes and good work ethics
team work is most important factor.
team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
teamwork & communication
teamwork - promotes cooperation and commitment within a team to achieve goals and deliverables.
teamwork and collaboration
teamwork orientation.
teamwork/communication includes but is not limited to
"technicians – bike, golf"
telephone etiquette
tell them all about the fun things awaiting them inside our attractions.
temporary campus
"temporary cashier, soho flagship as an employee of a rag & bone store you are looked at as an ambassador of the brand; your passion for rag & bone will be reflected in your day to day as you live our core company values (commitment to each other, solution oriented, accountability, realistic, fun). the position of a cashier is a pinnacle role within our soho flagship store being responsible for all cash register operations while providing product knowledge, customer service and safeguarding assets and the environment. the job responsibilities around delivering sales and operational expectations, will include, but not be limited to: completing transactions accurately and efficiently including returns and opening and closing procedures"
team player / ability to work well with others
team oriented
the advertised hourly rate range is for after the initial training period.
"team members will deliver outstanding guest service by being prompt and accurate; adhering to freckles juice standards of courtesy. also, team members should prove knowledgeable of the products used to readily advise customers of this information."
tallboy taco is hiring cashiers for our dining room team!
tally cash at the end of each shift and handle discrepancies according to company policies
tally cash at the end of each shift and handle discrepancies according to company policies.
tally cash at the end of each shift and handle discrepancies according tocompany policies.
"target will provide reasonable accommodations (such as a qualified sign language interpreter or other personal assistance) with the application process upon your request as required to comply with applicable laws. if you have a disability and require assistance in this application process, please visit your nearest target store or distribution center or reach out to guest services at x-xxx-xxx-xxxx for additional information. qualifications:"
tasks and responsibilities*
"taste/smell detect, distinguish, determine, not applicable."
tea shop: x year (preferred)
teachable with an eagerness to learn and grow
"teaches, models and leads ways to satisfy customers."
team communication
team environment!
team environment:
"team leader experience preferred, but not required"
team member bonus program
team member celebrations for holidays and other special events
team member discount
team member needed
"team members are responsible for preparing and serving our delicious, all-natural, energizing smoothies as well as consulting and assisting customers in choosing the right vitamins and nutritional supplements to help them reach their health and fitness goals."
tend to customers in a timely and professional manner
text your resume to (xxx) xxx-xxxx
"thank customer and provide direction as to where silverware, condiments and beverages are located."
thank you and we look forward to hearing from you.
"the ability to operate equipment such as cash registers, lottery ticket machines, gas pump consoles, food service appliances"
the ability to pass a pre-employment drug screen. benefits
the ability to perform arithmetic calculations and provide change to customers.
the ability to prepare basic food items
"the ability to read, write and follow instructions is necessary."
"the ability to safely operate equipment such as cash registers, lottery ticket machines, gas pump consoles, food service appliances"
the ability to safely prepare basic food items
"the ability to speak, see, hear, read, and write"
the ability to stand and walk for an extended period of time
the ability to take direction and think on your feet
the ability to work a flexible schedule based on business needs
the ability to work with others as a team
"the above functions expected in the position are not intended to be totally inclusive. this job detail does not imply any written or verbal contract. it is for management communication only. we reserve the right to change this job and its related responsibilities, as business requires."
"the above job description is meant to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. it is not an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required for the position. employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform other job-related duties requested by their supervisor in compliance with federal and state laws."
"the above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. they are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified."
"the above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by the employee assigned to this job; they do not purport to describe all functions. employees may be assigned other duties, and the essential functions may be changed from time to time as necessary."
"the above statements are intended to describe the general nature of work performed by the employees assigned to this job. all employees must comply with company policies and applicable laws. the responsibilities, duties and qualifications required of personnel may vary. eeo/inclusivity"
"the above statements are only intended to represent the essential job functions and general nature of the work being performed and are not exhaustive of the tasks that an associate may be required to perform. the employer reserves the right to revise this job description at any time and to require associates to perform other tasks as circumstances or conditions of its business, competitive considerations, or the work environment change."
the accountabilities:
the ability to operate a computer and point of sale (register).
"the ability to multi-task, perform repeated bending, standing, and reaching, and occasionally lifting up to xx pounds. speedway llc is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to workplace diversity."
"the ability to multi-task, perform repeated bending, standing, and reaching, and occasionally lifting up to xx pounds. requirements:"
that’s largely up to you! holiday shifts begin xx/x and go through christmas eve. winter rush begins right after the holidays and go through x/xx/xx.
thank you for your interest in a great career opportunity with chick-fil-a.
"thank you for your interest in golden corral. upon completion of your online application, you may be directed to complete an additional online questionnaire that is specific to the position in which you are applying."
thanks and good luck to all!
thanks the customer for shopping at kmart and invites them back.
"thanks, we look forward to meeting you!"
"that being said, we're looking for our next cashier / cafe worker to join our corporate cafe team in melville, ny! xst shift cashier / cafe worker"
that demand has created an environment of growth. an environment where building a great team is vital. an environment where doing whatever it takes is the baseline and going above and beyond to protect the brand is commonplace.
that’s largely up to you! shifts are available beginning xx/x/xx and go through x/xx/xx.
"the ability to multi-task, perform repeated bending, standing, and reaching, and occasionally lifting up to xx pounds."
the ability convey information clearly and effectively
"the ability to add, subtract, multiply, or divide correctly"
"the ability to bend, crouch, stand, and perform extensive movement for up to x-xx hours a day"
the ability to communicate in spanish is a huge bonus
the ability to communicate successfully with customers and co-workers.
the ability to comprehend and follow written and verbal direction
"the ability to count cash, make change and communicate well with the public in a high volume setting is necessary."
the ability to get to work on time
looking for super friendly and highly motivated individuals who want to love where they work.
location: seattle university - xxx xxth ave seattle wa xxxxx note: online applications accepted only.
looking for someone that has people skills and computer and social media skills.
"assist with the operation of the one-hour photo department, if applicable."
"assist with the sampling program by keeping sample areas full, clean, and appealing; sample products directly to customers"
"assist with the training of co-workers, if requested."
assist with unloading trucks and processing freight
assistant manager
assistant technician (must be at least xx years of age)
assisting customers in person and via telephone in a professional and courteous manner.
assisting customers through the ordering process while delivering exceptional customer service
assisting customers with menu questions
assisting guests with their tea and coffee choices as well as recommending pastries as well as explaining menu choices to guests.
assisting manager where needed
"assisting pharmacy personnel when needed, including working regular shifts in the pharmacy as part of opportunities for growth and career development"
assisting shoppers with bagging their purchases as needed
assisting the pharmacist
assisting with customer purchases
assisting with organizing new stock
"assists customers and cashiers during the checkout process. bags groceries, retrieves carts, and may act in the capacity of a cashier and its functions. all whole foods market retail jobs require ensuring a positive company image by providing courteous, friendly, and efficient service to customers and team members at all times. all positions must be performed in accordance with team and store standard operating procedures. further, team members must be prepared and able to perform the duties inherent in other team member job descriptions. all positions must strive to support wfm core values and goals, promote national, regional, and store programs and initiatives, and ensure adherence to all applicable health and safety regulations including food safety and regulatory duties required in the department."
"assists customers in fitting room to ensure proper sizing, color, fit, etc."
"assists customers waiting for check out in a grocery store. scans items, requests price checks, honors appropriate coupons, collects payment and gives change as appropriate. answering phone calls and paging for back up assistance. responsible for counting contents of cash register drawer at the end of each shift. may bag items or perform other duties as needed. must be in company provided uniform at all times while on the clock. must be able to lift heavy items. must be able to stand for long periods of time. must use lockers for storage of personal items. cell phones are not to be used while on the clock. must perform daily housekeeping duties as required. may require a high school diploma or its equivalent. typically reports to a supervisor or manager. possesses a moderate understanding of general aspects of the job. works under the close direction of senior personnel in the functional area. may require x-x year of general work experience."
assists customers with opening containers and cutting food when requested.
assist with the processing daily workflow and production of pharmacy operations efficiently.
"assist with the general maintenance of the restaurant; clean restrooms, empty trash containers, and make certain supplies are replenished for guest use."
"assists customers with problems or concerns, and contacts store management as appropriate regarding customers with problems or concerns."
assist with the flow of guests by taking food and drink orders as needed
assist with daily operations.
assist with decorating the front end according to the store support center program.
assist with end of day cleaning.
"assist with house-keeping tasks to keep our work environment clean, safe and properly functioning. tutta bella crew members specifically are expected to:"
"assist with keeping impulse counters stocked and faced, rotate fresh merchandise in as seasons change."
assist with kitchen operations as needed and according to established operational policies and procedures.
"assist with merchandise and display maintenance to include unpacking, pricing, re-stocking, and maintaining neat and organized back-stock areas."
assist with merchandise floor moves and other visual tasks
assist with prescription packaging and basic functions of processing prescriptions
assist with price markdowns and changes for merchandise on the shelves.
"assist with receiving the truck, pricing items, merchandising product, and recovering the store."
"assist with register opening/closing procedures including cash deposits, daily audit logs, and paperwork filing."
assist with restocking the shelves and make floor displays
"assist with set-up, organization, and staging of special events such as open houses, hog activities, fashion shows, etc."
"assist with setup, cleanup, and handling of food items."
assist with stock room and merchandising store as needed
assist with stocking and maintaining inventory levels; communicate any inventory issues/concerns to leadership
"assist with stocking the take out area with bags, cups, condiments, etc."
assist with the cleaning and organization of kitchen and equipment
assists customers with openingcontainers and cutting food when requested.
assists guests in making menu selection.
"at continental sales lots x less creating a joyful experience for team members and customers is our number one priority. our mantra is: shop. save. smile. we foster an environment that empowers our staff. we sell quality merchandise at prices that are affordable for our customers. we implement programs and practices that make us good neighbors in our community. we do all of this because the values of quality, family, and fun are what our company was built on which has allowed us to thrive for more than xx years."
assists with the cleanliness of the casino property front and heart of house.
associate (preferred)
associate (required)
associate discount *
associate sales / returns / exchanges
associate's degree (a. a.) or equivalent from two-year college or technical school; or six months to one year related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
"associates are responsible for providing excellent customer service by satisfying each customer’s need, exceeding their expectations and ensuring that customers have a warm and friendly shopping experience throughout the store. in addition, they share their product knowledge and enthusiasm with our customers by answering any questions, assisting with product suggestions, and educating on the products we sell."
"associates under the age of xx -- prohibited from using freight elevators, ladders, compactors, balers, or hazardous or similar equipment, or performing backroom functions"
associate’s degree (a.a.) or above
assure all paper work and sales reports are filled out completely and forwarded to the finance department daily.
"assure proper sale and accounting for credit cards, lottery and money order sales."
assure the completion of all pos transactions while maintaining proper control of all cash and media at the pos registers according to company policies and procedures.
assuring the quality of food and arrangement of dishes are as per the standards marked by momofuku management
"at acura of bedford hills we strive to make every customer a customer for life. happy employees make happy customers, and we reward individuals who are ready to work hard and stay motivated. every employee at acura of bedford hills is absolutely critical to its success. our promise is to keep delivering the same award winning service and value that our community has come to expect from our dealership through the years."
"at americas autogas we provide a fair and equal employment opportunity for all team members and candidates regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability."
"at autobarn vw of countryside, we strive to make every customer a customer for life. happy employees make happy customers, and we reward individuals who are ready to work hard and stay motivated. every employee at autobarn vw of countryside is absolutely critical to its success. our promise is to keep delivering the same award winning service and value that our community has come to expect from our dealership through the years."
"at cec entertainment, we believe that our workforce should reflect the diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspectives of the many guests we serve. as an equal opportunity employer, we do not discriminate against applicants due to race, ancestry, color, genetics, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, religion, age, physical or mental disability, pregnancy, veteran status, or on the basis of any other federal, state or local protected class. employment is contingent upon a successful background check for those xx+ years of age. applicants must be eligible to work in the united states."
"at cgi, our success comes from the talent and commitment of our professionals. as one team, we share the challenges and rewards that come from growing our company, which reinforces our culture of ownership. all of our professionals benefit from the value we collectively create."
"at chick-fil-a xxnd and madison, hospitality professionals are a part of the day-to-day restaurant operations and guest experience. this role is responsible for ensuring we are consistently providing crave-able food and remarkable service to our guests from open to close. this role is xxx% hands on and all working ours are spent on the floor. tasks vary to include greeting guests and taking orders, completing transactions, preparing beverages, assembling orders, hot and cold food production, working the line, receiving deliveries, food and ingredient preparation, cleaning and maintenance, resolving guest complaints, helping train new employees, and rigorously adhering to safety and quality standards."
"at chipotle, we’ve created something special: a better place to eat and work. here, you’ll be part of a team that is working to cultivate nourished communities where wholesome food is enjoyed every day. to achieve this mission, we provide exceptional training and a clear career path – over xx% of our managers are promoted from crew. but that’s not all – we also offer all of our employees a full range of benefits, including medical, dental, and vision insurance and up to $x,xxx a year in tuition assistance. if this sounds like something you would like to be a part of, apply today."
"assists with the training & development of employees on store policies, department procedures, and job duties."
assists with the cleanliness of the casino property front and back of house.
assists in an entire team effort.
"assists with stocking, cleaning and maintenance duties as needed"
assists in handling and resolving customer issues and complaints.
assists in leading the front end team to ensure optimal performance and guest experience
"assists in maintaining standards of health, safety, and sanitation."
"assists in maintaining store cleanliness, organization and merchandising"
assists in preparing of food.
assists in returning shopping carts and baskets to designated areas
"assists in the preparation of hot and/or cold foods, and properly stores food, utilizing knowledge of temperature requirements and spoilage."
assists in training fellow associates in checkout procedures.
"assists other cashiers within the cage, as needed."
"assists store leadership, where appropriate, in resolving or facilitating the resolution of member issues"
assists store management in achieving store payroll and total loss goals.
assists supervisor in controlling customer flow and backed up lines – helping reduce customer waiting time.
assists with cleaning and maintenance duties as needed
assists with clerical duties as requested.
"assists with exterior and interior maintenance by ensuring clean, neat, orderly store condition and appearance."
assists with keeping the table/games sign-up board up to date.
assists with new partner training by positively reinforcing successful performance and giving respectful and encouraging coaching as needed.
"assists with proper and timely execution of floor sets and updates, markdowns, marketing and signage."
assists with seating requests when necessary and provides customers with clean menus.
assist with crowd control
assist with clerical duties
assist with clean-up
assist customers with questions.
assist customers with the overall in/out process of parking
assist customers with their needs
assist customers with their purchases while providing outstanding customer service
assist customers with their selection of merchandise and offer additional product that compliments the purchase.
"assist customers, provide information and answer questions regarding menu & pricing"
assist daily customers with payment inquiries and assist monthly customers with payment inquiries
assist fellow team members at every opportunity.
assist guest with special needs and special requests
assist guests in scanning their tickets at the turnstile.
assist in all aspects of processing cases efficiently and perform other related clerical duties;
"assist in checking back on tables, offering desserts and other items tableside and general dining room maintenance."
"assist in completion of payroll information biweekly for all store personnel noting signatures, absenteeism, overtime, etc. submit same as requested."
assist in creating a pleasant and hospitable work environment and maintain good customer relationships.
assist in enforcing security procedures when employees or customers violate them.
"assist in floor moves, merchandising, displaying maintenance, cleaning store including bathroom and stockroom, vacuuming and returning product to inventory."
assist in identifying and returning outdated or over stocked merchandise to the proper source
"assist in inventory, rotation, stocking of shelf items and other merchandise. applicable to area of responsibility. includes, soda, paper goods and condiments."
"assist in keeping all checkout, sales and storage areas clean, clear and in good order."
assist in kitchen sanitation program. comply with standard food handling and sanitation procedures.
assist customers with sales and orders
assist customers with pump issues and propane.
assist with bringing out coffee as needed.
assist customers with finding a selection as needed
"assemble snacks and nourishments according to facility policy, resident food preferences, and client orders"
"assemble, and present completed treat orders, including stocking, cleaning and maintaining all customer areas in a clean, safe, pleasant manner and to all restaurant safety and health code standards."
assembling guest meals according to guest order
assign all parts being purchased with part numbers for correct pricing.
"assigning gueststo tables they prefer, while keeping table rotation in mind so that serversreceive the right number of customers."
assist boh when expediting food to customers qualifications and skills
assist counter staff in packing ready orders and handing them to customers
assist counter staff in packing ready orders and handing them to customers.
assist customers and answer questions in a friendly manner
"assist customers and process sales. role model and demonstrate the company’s core values of respect, honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion and safety of self and others."
assist customers by providing information and resolving their complaints
assist customers by providing information and resolving their complaints.
assist customers by recommending and suggesting menu items.
assist customers in finding the merchandise they need.
assist customers in locating and selecting merchandise.
assist customers paying for gas and store merchandise.
"assist customers understanding of indi chocolate, our products and services"
assist customers with bagging and carrying products as needed
assist customers with bulk products that they may have difficulty in handling.
"assist in marketing, promotional services and situational selling, such as communicating new promotions, products or marketing information to guest."
assist in needed prep and service.
assist in other areas of the wash as directed
assist in overall sanitation and organization of line and surrounding areas.
assist manager and assistant manager in training and guiding new cashiers.
"assist manager and assistant manager to ensure that the store is well stocked and all merchandise is “ragged out"" and colorized in accordance with the arc command rag out calendar."
assist members to find the products they are looking for by walking them to the areas of the store and assisting with merchandise selection
assist motor clothes manager with attaining retail sales plan in motor clothes & general merchandise.
assist others in closing procedures if time permits.
assist our members with taking orders and then making preparations according to brand specifications and the members request.
assist service advisors as needed
assist store leadership in ensuring merchandise on the shelves is within date.
assist supervisors in controlling customer flow and backed up lines by reducing waiting time for customers.
assist supervisors in controlling customer flow and backed up lines; help to reduce waiting time for customers.
"assist the manager in meeting sales, production, and expense budget goals maintaining a profitable operation."
assist the managers with various clerical duties as needed
assist the office manager and/or general manager with various clerical duties as needed.
assist the sales associates in resolving all client problems and other tasks as per business need operations
assist the store management in various backstore functions
assist walk in customers
"assist with activities in the tailor shop when needed, including movement of product between the store and off-site tailor shop location."
assist with basic food preparation
assist with breakdown of kiosk after a game
assist management team with administrative functions and daily food prep during down time
"assist in training, direction, and supervision for new employees and unpaid staff along with retraining for all personnel, as requested. beneficiaries on work therapy assignment need special attention and guidance."
assist in training associates and co‑workers when directed to do so.
assist in seeing that the store maintains appearance standards.
"assist in pricing, stocking, marking and bagging of merchandise."
assist in processing and replenishing merchandise; participate in receiving and monitoring floor stock. requirements:
"assist in providing exceptional customer service, floor moves, housekeeping, display maintenance and merchandise replenishment as needed."
"assist in recruiting, training and developing sales associates"
"assist in replenishing register supplies such as bags, register tape, etc."
assist in restaurant marketing by distributing carry out and catering menus or other promotional materials to restaurant guests.
assist in scheduling and confirming sales appointments
assist in scheduling of sales associates and unpaid staff as required.
assist in set up and execution of banquets and other club events hourly compensation: $xx.xx-$xx.xx + tips what we offer:
assist in the upselling of wine to guests.
"assist in set-up and break-down of dining room, serving area, buffets, coffee stations, and product displays."
assist in setting up merchandise displays as asked.
assist in staffing the exit or entry booth during peak collection hours in order to facilitate exit/entry should problems occur.
assist in store’s shrink awareness programs and provide corrective actions.
assist in the implementation of kinney standard of presentation (merchandising)
"assist in the inventory management, price marking and merchandising of the check out area and surrounding departments as needed"
"assist in the maintenance of general store cleanliness including restrooms, break rooms, backrooms, and entry ways- responsible for daily store standards"
assist in the ordering of replacement product from the appropriate supplier
"at competition bmw of smithtown, we believe our associates are our greatest asset. if you are looking for a career with an extraordinary company, competition bmw of smithtown is the perfect career choice. we believe not only in providing ongoing training, but also rewarding outstanding effort and results through bonus and commission programs."
"at end of shift, the cashier / cafe worker will help clean and restock the cafe"
assemble food for customers
"availability to work: special shift requirements, if any, will vary depending on a location's hiring needs. if applicable, availability to work xnd shift, xrd shift and/or weekends may be required."
"available shifts and compensation: available shifts all days except sundays. compensation is $xx.xx - $xx.xx/hour. about kainan: experience a new take on filipino dishes with a wave twist of hawaiian island flavor. from poké to lechon we give you a mix of traditional taste of island food giving a new yet familiar flavor to your pallet. by applying to this job, you agree to receive a text message with a link to your profile as well as a text message when an employer has responded to your application."
"available shifts and compensation: available shifts on mondays. compensation is $xx.xx - $xx.xx/hour. learn more about us at www.ohmyburgerla.com. by applying to this job, you agree to receive a text message with a link to your profile as well as a text message when an employer has responded to your application."
"available shifts and compensation: available shifts on sundays. compensation is $xx.xx/hour. about av anthony’s: welcome to av anthony’s. a midway tradition founded in xxxx. av antony’s features various food items, from bbq ribs and rotisserie chicken to beef sandwiches, hot dogs, burgers, gyros and soups with lots of other delicious choices. learn more about us at www.avanthonys.com. by applying to this job, you agree to receive a text message with a link to your profile as well as a text message when an employer has responded to your application."
available shifts and compensation: we have available shifts all days of the week. compensation depends on your experience.
"available shifts and compensation: we have available shifts all days of the week. compensation depends on your experience. about brooklyn wing house: brooklyn wing house in brooklyn, ny is looking for an individual to join our xx person strong team. our ideal candidate is self-driven, motivated, and hard-working. by applying to this job, you agree to receive a text message with a link to your profile as well as a text message when an employer has responded to your application."
"available shifts and compensation: we have available shifts all days of the week. compensation depends on your experience. about fuji bakery-interbay/elliott: fuji bakery is a local artisan bakery located in the heart of seattle, washington where inspiration and passion are our motivations. please visit us at one of our many locations. learn more about us at fujibakeryinc.com. by applying to this job, you agree to receive a text message with a link to your profile as well as a text message when an employer has responded to your application."
"available shifts and compensation: we have available shifts all days of the week. compensation depends on your experience. about naan-tastic: casual indian fare, including wraps & rice bowls, prepared in an airy, vibrant counter-serve locale. learn more about us at https://www.rebel-pi.com. by applying to this job, you agree to receive a text message with a link to your profile as well as a text message when an employer has responded to your application."
"available shifts and compensation: we have available shifts all days of the week. compensation depends on your experience. by applying to this job, you agree to receive a text message with a link to your profile as well as a text message when an employer has responded to your application."
"available shifts and compensation: we have available shifts all days of the week. compensation is $xx.xx - $xx.xx/hour. about big wok mongolian grill: simple, fresh, healthy and flavorful food. by applying to this job, you agree to receive a text message with a link to your profile as well as a text message when an employer has responded to your application."
"available shifts and compensation: we have available shifts all days of the week. compensation is $xx.xx - $xx.xx/hour. about tacos y mas: tacos y mas in far rockaway, ny is looking for an individual to join our xx person strong team. we are located on xxxx mott ave. our ideal candidate is self-driven, motivated, and hard-working. by applying to this job, you agree to receive a text message with a link to your profile as well as a text message when an employer has responded to your application."
available shifts and compensation: we have available shifts all days of the week. compensation is $xx.xx/hour.
"available shifts and compensation: we have available shifts all days of the week. compensation is $xx.xx/hour. about best fish taco in ensena: best fish taco in ensenada in los angeles, ca is looking for an individual to join our xx person strong team. we are located on xxxx n. hillhurst ave. our ideal candidate is a self-starter, ambitious, and hard-working. learn more about us at bestfishtacoinensenada.com. by applying to this job, you agree to receive a text message with a link to your profile as well as a text message when an employer has responded to your application."
"available shifts and compensation: we have available shifts all days of the week. compensation is $xx.xx/hour. about fuji bakery-interbay/elliott: fuji bakery is a local artisan bakery located in the heart of seattle, washington where inspiration and passion are our motivations. please visit us at one of our many locations. by applying to this job, you agree to receive a text message with a link to your profile as well as a text message when an employer has responded to your application."
"available to work a flexible schedule to include evenings, weekends and holidays"
"available to work a flexible schedule to include evenings, weekends and holidays."
"available to work a flexible schedule to include evenings, weekends or holidays."
"available to work a variety of hours, days and shifts, including weekends"
available to work a variety of shifts including evenings and weekends
available to work flexible hours including:
available for flexible scheduling to meet the needs of the department.
"availability to work: special shift requirements, if any, will vary depending on a location's hiring needs. if applicable, availability to work xnd shift, xrd shift and/or week-ends may be required. license requirement: the individual will only be required to have and maintain a valid state-issued driver’s license, with a current address and acceptable driving record, if the individual is expected to be able to drive a company vehicle or drive on company business."
available to work flexible hours on weeknights & weekends
"availability to work: special shift requirements, if any, will vary depending on a location's hiring needs. if applicable, availability to work xnd shift, xrd shift and/or week-ends may be required. license requirement: the employee will be required to have and maintain a valid state-issued driver’s license with a current address and acceptable driving record."
automotive knowledge helpful.
"automotive rental cashier if you believe customer service is a true craft -- one built on charisma, communication and thorough product knowledge (we'll happily teach you everything you need to know) -- we want to talk to you! the cashier rental professional provides a superior, friendly, and efficient transaction using the company approved sales and service process. responsibilities:"
automotive technician: x years (preferred)
autonomous/independent -- enjoys working with little direction
"av anthony’s in chicago, il is looking for one cashier to join our x person strong team. we are located on xxxx w. xxrd street. our ideal candidate is attentive, motivated, and hard-working. responsibilities greet customers entering and leaving the business *maintain a clean and tidy work area *accurately process all cash and credit payments *provide exceptional customer service"
"availability during nights and weekends, when the majority of stadium games are scheduled"
availability friday- saturday- sunday is required.
"availability needed: breakfast, lunch, dinner, weekends job requirements"
"availability needed: lunch, weekends, midday job requirements"
"availability requirements include; but are not limited to; days, evenings, weekends, & holidays."
availability requirements:
"availability to include work on evenings, weekend and holidays may be required."
"availability to work around peak hours, including nights, early mornings, weekends, and holidays."
"availability to work flexible shifts which include evening hours, weekends, and holidays."
availability to work onsite with a flexible schedule often including weekends
availability to work per the needs of the business
"availability to work shifts, extended hours, weekends and holidays"
"availability to work weekends, holidays, and other prime times of the business work environment and physical demands:"
"availability to work weekends, holidays, and other prime times of the business work environment and physical demands: continuous interaction with customers and coworkers in a fast-paced work environment"
"available to work flexible hours on weekdays, weeknights, & weekends"
"available to work late nights, holidays and long days as necessary."
"at end of shift, the cashier / cafe worker will help clean and restock the cafe cashier / cafe worker requirements:"
background in cashiering or retail grocery industry and basic knowledge of hbc products
"backs up runner with drinks/sides/boxing orders (when needed, or slow)"
"bae ice cream cashier & server will be responsible to prep soft serve, serve guests in a welcoming manner, wash dishes, & more. you will also perform cash transactions with customers and preparing specialty tea."
bag all purchases for customers
bag customers' merchandise
bag food for deliveries
bag groceries according to pcc bagging guidelines
bag or package merchandise according to established company policies and procedures.
"bag, box or gift wrap as needed"
"bag, box, wrap, or gift-wrap merchandise, and prepare packages for shipment"
bag/box items carefully as instructed
"bagel person responsibilities will include but not limitied to cashier, answering phone, taking breakfast and lunch orders and following through to complication, grill cook and sandwich making,"
bagging or wrapping purchases to ensure safe transport.
"bagging purchased goods cashier job description: we are looking for a qualified and responsible cashier to manage all transactions with our customers efficiently and accurately. a good job candidate is a person who knows their way around a cash register and can easily operate it, together with a product scanner. their main responsibilities include accepting payments and providing receipts, making sure all transactions run smoothly and every customer is satisfied with the service. the cashier we would like to employ must be able to interact with our customers in a friendly manner, and provide assistance should any customer require it. excellent communication skills are paramount to help us continue to delight our customers and provide them with an outstanding experience. a qualified candidate must also be able to follow instructions and be a successful member of our team. company introduction:"
bagging/ checking guest orders
bags groceries according to pcc bagging guidelines
bags groceries.
"bakery - if you are interested in putting the ""home"" into home-made artisan breads, special occasion cakes and fresh baked pies and helping our guests plan a party that will be the talk of the town interests you, a career in bakery is for you. we offer many different positions from clerk to department manager."
bakery outlet clerk cashier
baking: x year (preferred)
background/experience:
background checks and security clearance
available to work various shifts
background check and drug test required.
available to work weeknights and some weekends
available to work xx-xx hours weekly
"available weekend, evening shifts and holidays"
available weekends and holidays is required
available xx hours per week is highly desired
average hours: less than xx hours/week
avi offers:
aware of advertised sales
aware of and follows loss prevention policies; advises management of any unusual internal or external activity
"awareness of environment at all times (i.e., customer, other employees, suspicious behaviors)"
awesome tips!
"azabu sabo in culver city, ca is looking for one cashier to join our xx person strong team. we are located on xxxx sepulveda blvd ste xxxx. our ideal candidate is a self-starter, ambitious, and hard-working. responsibilities greet customers entering and leaving the business *maintain a clean and tidy work area *accurately process all cash and credit payments *provide exceptional customer service"
"b nutritious in el monte, ca is looking for one cashier to join our team. we are located on xxxx tyler ave. our ideal candidate is self-driven, ambitious, and hard-working. responsibilities greet customers entering and leaving the business *maintain a clean and tidy work area *accurately process all cash and credit payments *provide exceptional customer service *assist kitchen in items from menu *make drinks and salads"
bachelor's degree (b. a.) from four-year college or university; or one to two years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
bachelor’s degree highly preferred
"bachelor’s degree or technical degree from a recognized trade school, or equivalent experience"
background check and drug screening required for employment
automotive dealership prior experience with an automotive dealership a plus
auto mechanic: x years (preferred)
authorized to work in usa legally
"at paddock chevrolet we strive to make every customer a customer for life. happy employees make happy customers, and we reward individuals who are ready to work hard and stay motivated. every employee at paddock chevrolet is absolutely critical to its success. our promise is to keep delivering the same fantastic service and value that our community has come to expect from our dealership through the years."
"at pepe auto group, you can expect to work with the best. our collaborative nature and mentorship capabilities have created a team of respectful and driven professionals. we believe in empowering our employees, which results in exceptional customer service. our team of dedicated individuals encourages success among each of our members. we invest in our employees and promote from within often."
"at ra, food is inspiration. our unmatched culture of hospitality excellence enables us to provide memorable experiences for premier clients. we empower many to be their best though delicious food that happens to be ""better-for-you"" and the planet."
"at ruby's shake shop there is pride in every detail, from our simple menu to our beautiful restaurant. we know that people are our greatest resource and we now have amazing opportunities for individuals with passion to join our team."
"at some accounts locations, it may be required to count money and total checks in cash drawer at the end of shift"
"at sunglass hut, our mission is to be the premier shopping and inspiration destination for the top brands, latest trends and exclusive styles of high quality fashion and performance sunglasses."
"at target, we believe in our team members having meaningful experiences that help them build and develop skills for a career. the role of a guest advocate can provide you with the:"
"at target, we believe in our team members having meaningful experiences that help them build and develop skills for a career. the role of a small format team member can provide you with the:"
"at tender greens we believe that everybody is equally important to our mission. our menu reflects the best of the season and is prepared with simplicity, skill and most importantly passion! our guests are our family and just like family we care about what we serve them. we are seeking cashiers who are extremely detail oriented, excel at multi-tasking, possess a warm disposition and have the grace to remain calm while under pressure. tender greens delivers inspired food, friendly service and great value in a comfortable space. as a cashier, you are responsible for encompassing our goal of providing each guest with a truly wonderful experience as well as;"
"at tender greens we challenge ourselves, and each other, to be the best. we are seeking candidates with;"
"at the fresh market we provide a fair and equal employment opportunity for all team members and candidates regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability. the fresh market hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the position to be filled. the position covered by this is expressly declared to be 'at will,' meaning the company has the right to terminate the incumbent's employment at any time, with or without cause. any written or oral promises or representations to the contrary are expressly disavowed and should not be relied upon by any team member. any change to this 'at will' employment status must be in writing and signed by the company designated personnel."
"at the north face, we push the boundaries of innovation with our product design and development of premier apparel, equipment and footwear to enable and inspire athletes and enthusiasts to never stop exploring. we remain deeply proud to be the first choice of the world's most accomplished climbers, mountaineers, extreme skiers, snowboarders, endurance runners, and explorers. if you have a passion for the outdoors and enjoy a fast-paced environment, this is the place for you!"
at the very least:
"at this establishment, we take pride in having a ""customer first"" attitude and being able to accommodate customers as needed. we are looking for someone who has open availability, is a quick learner, and has excellent customer service skills with an inviting personality."
"at waba grill, we strive to bring together caring, warm, fun, intelligent people who love to serve. we have a passion for making people feel special, so we look for people who like to make our guests feel special too. it’s all about the team."
"at wallypark, we simplify, streamline and enhance your travel experience. we’re reliable, respectful, progressive, intuitive and connected. as a result, you can forget about parking and focus on what really matters. we are more than just a parking facility. we are a parking experience. we take pride in providing unparalleled customer service and opportunities to make a difference in the travel industry. are you looking to join a company that is growing? are you looking for a rewarding career opportunity that you can make an immediate impact? then we are looking for you! wally park is proud to offer:"
"at wallypark, we simplify, streamline and enhance your travel experience. we’re reliable, respectful, progressive, intuitive and connected. as a result, you can forget about parking and focus on what really matters. we are more than just a parking facility. we are a parking experience. we take pride in providing unparalleled customer service and opportunities to make a difference in the travel industry. are you looking to join a company that is growing? are you looking for a rewarding career opportunity that you can make an immediate impact? then we are looking for you! wallypark is proud to offer:"
"at whole foods market, we provide a fair and equal employment opportunity for all team members and candidates regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, marital status, disability, or any other legally protected characteristic. whole foods market hires and promotes individuals solely based on qualifications for the position to be filled and business needs."
"ateaz is a certified organic coffee and tea boutique. we offer a rich experience of taste through our collection of unique flavors and service that brings the product to you at the peak of quality. we retail and wholesale our hand blend and custom craft of the world’s finest organic teas and coffees. ateaz started with the vision to provide the freshest and finest quality of organic teas and coffees. therefore, our teas are blended upon receiving your order and are carefully selected directly from growers, each one offering a unique story. our coffees are fresh roasted to provide our customers a rich experience in taste and quality. at ateaz we continually experiment with new blends, roasting profiles, and search potential coffee varieties to expand our offerings. we strive for perfection with every hand-crafted roast and only offer top grade, fresh roasted, gourmet coffee. at ateaz our priority is to provide you with the best quality organic teas and coffee with unique favor profiles that allows an exclusive experience with every cup."
"at parkhurst dining, we pride ourselves on creating personal relationships and authentic culinary experiences. apply to join our team and create your own story with parkhurst!"
"at olson’s ace, you’ll love where you work, who you work with, and how your day unfolds. there’s no telling where your career can ultimately take you. we empower you to do great work in a company with almost xx years of success, stability and growth. if you have drive and enjoy the thrill of making things happen - share our vision, grow with us. who we are:"
authorized to work in the usa legally
"at new country, our people do whatever it takes to find solutions. we’re building a culture that’s genuinely engaged & dedicated to communities we serve. our dealerships & employees pride themselves on being deeply involved in local communities, charities, nonprofit organization, and consider it a privilege to serve. with deep roots in the cities and towns where our car dealerships are located, we pride ourselves on a family atmosphere and strong customer bonds."
"at homegoods, we embrace the unknown⁠—with new products, new challenges and new ways to make a house a home. our products add little, special touches to customers' lives and our people do the same for each other. everyone supports each other to discover different—here and throughout the entire tjx family, which includes tj maxx, marshalls, sierra, and homesense."
"at ikea it’s all about our customers, and in customer relations we build and retain long-lasting relationships with new and existing customers in a multichannel retail environment. we’re a diverse team that work together to ensure a positive and joyful experience for all ikea visitors and customers: we set up services, gather feedback and make things right! our modus operandi is to connect to people by listening to their personal needs and to create genuine interactions. we’re a bunch of people who are truly passionate about people!"
"at impark / reef parking, successful individuals are those that believe people make the difference when it comes to customer service and innovation. based on that, we offer a comprehensive salary and benefits package for those that join our service-oriented company."
"at impark, successful people are those individuals who believe, as we do, in these cultural values that people make the difference when it comes to customer service, innovation and unique parking experiences. join us here at impark to help us extend our unique brand of parking experiences to customers, clients and you!!!"
"at infiniti of lynnwood, we strive to make every customer a customer for life. happy employees make happy customers, and we reward individuals who are ready to work hard and stay motivated. every employee at infiniti of lynnwood is absolutely critical to its success. our promise is to keep delivering the same award winning service and value that our community has come to expect from our dealership through the years."
"at jcpenney, we share a passion for serving customers, supporting our communities and being the best retailer for all families. as a company founded on the golden rule, our success is rooted in the belief that we treat everyone the way we would want to be treated. at every touchpoint, customers discover stylish merchandise at incredible value from an extensive portfolio of private, exclusive and national brands. reinforcing this shopping experience is the customer service and warrior spirit of approximately xx,xxx associates across the globe, all driving toward the company's mission to help customers find what they love for less time, money and effort."
"at jim murphy buick gmc we strive to make every customer a customer for life. happy employees make happy customers, and we reward individuals who are ready to work hard and stay motivated. every employee at jim buick gmc is absolutely critical to its success. our promise is to keep delivering the same award winning service and value that our community has come to expect from our dealership through the years."
"at just poké, we believe in giving more. it's a philosophy aimed towards our customers, but centered in our team members. we strive to do all of the little things possible in order to deliver a great experience for everyone in our restaurants. as a quick service restaurant featuring hawaiian poké, we aim to promote a healthy lifestyle and diet by using fresh, sustainable ingredients of the highest quality."
at least one year of customer service experience
at least one-year experience in finance preferred.
at least x year cash handling/cashier experience
"at least x year customer service experience (including greeting customers, assisting in front end register transactions, and identifying/resolving customer issues)"
"at least xx years of age. qualification requirements:                                        to perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. the requirements listed are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. physical requirements:                                             the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be regularly met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. this list is not designed to contain a comprehensive listing of activities and the employer reserves the right to change or assign other duties to this position. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions."
at least xx years old (due to alcohol sales)
"at mendo, we'll cross train you so you're ready to handle more than one job."
"at mendocino farms, we don’t just sell sandwiches. we sell happy!"
"at micro center, we empower our employees to set their sights high and blaze their own trails. this is a place where your future success and growth are truly a result of your own efforts and achievements. our teams are made up of motivated individuals who work hard to advance their careers. join our team and see how hard work, loyalty, competitive spirit and unwavering commitment to the customer can take you and your career to new places."
at minimum you will need to:
"at msg we value diversity and are looking for extraordinary employees of all backgrounds! msg is an equal opportunity employer and provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, sexual and reproductive health choices, national origin, citizenship, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. in addition to federal law requirements, msg complies with all applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in all locations."
attach a letter of interest addressing how you meet or exceed the minimum and desired qualifications
attach a resume
attain individual sales goals
"attempt every return and follow register prompts, be empowered to make it right for the guest while following targets policies and procedures."
attends work and shows up for scheduledshift on time with satisfactory regularity.
attention to detail / pride in accuracy
attention to detail and aesthetic presentation of all aspects of the shop from retail shelves to the aesthetic of menu item presentation.
attention to detail and follow a multi-step process
"attention to detail and followamulti-step processes we are an awesome place to work and care about our teams, so we want to make sure we are clear on a few more basics that we expect:"
attention to detail while multi-tasking
attention to detail.
attention to details
"attentive, polite and professional to customers"
attitude is everything! employees at personal touch are expected to maintain a positive “can do” attitude when communicating with internal and external customers. any concerns regarding your position or problems you may experience in the workplace should be addressed privately with your supervisor.
attitude: professional & flexible
authorize post voids in accordance with aeo policy.
authorize post voids in accordance with under armour policy.
"authorize refunds registered by cashiers under their supervision during their assigned shifts. if a lead cashier actually rings a return on the register, then a member of management would need to authorize, lead cashiers cannot authorize their own transaction."
"authorize refunds registered by cashiers under their supervision during their assigned shifts. if a lead cashier actually rings a return on the register, then a member of store leadership would need to authorize, lead cashiers cannot authorize their own transaction."
authorized to verify and sign the deposit slip once a member of store leadership has also verified and signed the deposit slip
authorized to verify and sign the deposit slip once a member of store management has also verified and signed the deposit slip
authorized to work in the united states
attends work and shows up for scheduled shift on time with satisfactory regularity.
attends training programs (classroom andvirtual) as designated.
attends training programs (classroom and virtual) as designated.
attend periodic meeting/ training sessions
attend all department store and training meetings when scheduled.
attend all product knowledge meetings and acquire and maintain knowledge on all lines carried in the department.
attend all scheduled employee meetings and bring suggestions for improvement.
attend and participate in meetings as required.
"attend and participate in meetings as required. report to station, ready to work at the time work assignment is scheduled to begin."
"attend departmental and store meetings to remain current on all information, strategies and new initiatives."
attend meetings and trainings as scheduled.
attend meetings/training as required by management.
attend required training sessions on assigned ppe provided by the college
attends training and completes ppls requested by manager or assigned by corporate. basic qualifications
attend to customer inquiries in regards to price differentials and very prices of products again the shelf price of the item; communicate any pricing discrepancy to the front end manager
attend training sessions to keep current with merchandising & inventory control issues.
attendance requirements:
attendance/punctuality
attends all allergy and food safety training.
attends all allergy and foodborne illness in-service training.
attends all mandatory in-service programs.
"attends meetings, inservices and documents attendance with signature."
assemble items for takeout
assemble and package food and beverage products.
balance a register drawer
american dining creations is one of the largest privately-held campus dining and refreshment service providers in the united states. we are proud to serve at tompkins county community college in dryden and are currently hiring baristas!
"american dining creations, a national provider of campus dining and catering services, is now hiring food service positions for mohawk valley community college! positions include cooks, catering, cashier and kitchen utility. full time and part time positions available. enjoy weekly pay, benefits plan including paid holidays, uniforms, shoes and employee meals!"
americans with disabilities act (ada)
"amerivents, a leading event staffing and management company, is excited about our xxth year of servicing the us open!"
an ability to assess production demand according to level of business
an ability to calculate parking charges manually and make change without the use of a calculator
"an ability to work flexible shifts/hours, including days, evenings, weekends, and holidays."
"an amazing employee discount thank you for your interest with hbc. we look forward to reviewing your application. hbc provides equal employment opportunities (eeo) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. in addition to federal law requirements, hbc complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. this policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. hbc welcomes all applicants for this position. should you be individually selected to participate in an assessment or selection process, accommodations are available upon request in relation to the materials or processes to be used."
"an american icon since xxxx, shakey’s has been the go-to social gathering place for family and friends to enjoy great food and great times. for over six decades, shakey’s has been serving its original thin crust pizza, crispy fried chicken and craveable mojo® potatoes along with its signature frosty pints in a fun, relaxed atmosphere that attracts customers for a variety of occasions. shakey’s is gearing up with exciting changes ahead, with newly remodeled restaurants, improved and expanded menus, state of the art game rooms and expansion plans to grow the shakey’s brand."
an annual college scholarship opportunity
an equal opportunity employer
"an equal opportunity employer, express does not discriminate in hiring or terms and conditions of employment because of an individuals race,color,religion,gender,national origin,citizenship,age, disability,sexual orientation or marital status. express only hires individuals authorized for employment in the united states."
an experienced cashier needed. you will deal directly with the customer at time of checkout. you are responsible for all monies received.
an individual who is reliable
an opportunity to grow your customer service skills
an opportunity to work for a fun team that feels more like a family
"an otc cashier contributes to ahf's mission by presenting a friendly, helpful face to shoppers, donors, people seeking testing or pharmacy patrons. within their duties of ringing up sales and answering customers’ questions this position has the opportunity to give stand out service that enhances the reputation of ahf and encourage customers to return to an otc and recommend it to others. in addition, better sales performance will increase ahf's ability to serve more clients."
an outgoing and energetic disposition
an outgoing and enthusiastic personality
an unforgettable and unique experience!
"american dining creations is proud to be the service provide at north county community college in saranac lake and is hiring for cashier, prep cook associates. part time positions open for xnd and weekend shifts.! start at $xx per hour , enjoy a great meal and fun work environment."
american dining creations is one of the largest privately held corporate culinary and refreshment service providers in the united states. we are proud to be the service provider at onondaga community college campus!
and other voluntary benefits
"american dining creations a national provider of corporate dining and catering services, is the service provider at north county community college. we are hiring for deli cook cashier positions that start at $xx , flexible schedules for xnd and weekend shifts. we offer free meals, provide uniforms, safe parking and we pay our associates weekly."
"also looking for receptionist and cashier, please email resume"
also required to maintain cleaning of the store
always finds a way to deliver a positive and komplete guest experience and keeps them coming back!
"always follows department procedures by reviewing all paperwork for appropriate signatures, time stamping and for entries into the computer. minimum qualifications :"
always have an adequate supply of ribbon and tape at register.
always look into the mirror before going out to the serving line. groom yourself to present a positive image.
always maintains an awareness of manual operating procedures for completing routine transactions.
always operate equipment with all safeguards in place and in good operating condition. observe safe methods of performing all duties.
"always practice open, honest, and direct communication and build positive team relationships. demonstrate integrity, ownership, accountability, and initiative."
always present a positive and professional image in customer service
always proud to be an equal opportunity employer
always proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
always put the safety and happiness of your customers first
"always speak professionally and graciously, smile, and maintain eye contact."
always wear proper uniform attire including plastic gloves.
am shift x:xxam to x:xxpm; pm shift x:xxpm to closing
amaze every customer
amazing culture
"amazing individuals working for positive people at aids healthcare foundation! does the idea of doing something that really makes a difference in people’s lives while being well-compensated intrigue you? are you looking to work for an organization that encourages growth and success from each and every one of its employees? if so, aids healthcare foundation is the place for you! founded in xxxx, aids healthcare foundation is the largest specialized provider of hiv/aids medical care in the nation. our mission is to provide cutting edge medicine and advocacy, regardless of ability to pay. through our healthcare centers, pharmacies, health plan, research and other activities, ahf provides access to the latest hiv treatments for all who need them. ahf’s core values are: patient-centered"
and other duties as assigned.
"and other voluntary benefits summary: performs cashiering duties, including making cash transactions, verifying cash drawer, giving change, counting cash receipts and completing cash reports. may also perform general food service work. maintains sanitation standards in the preparation, service and dining room facilities. essential duties and responsibilities:"
answering inbound sales and service calls
"answer phone promptly, satisfying all guest requests, and taking messages."
answer phones according to standards.
answer phones and direct consumer to the proper contacts and follow up in a timely manner
answer phones and direct consumer to the proper department and follow up in a timely manner
answer phones and direct to appropriate person
answer phones and perform basic troubleshooting or reception duties
answer phones and takes phone orders promptly.
answer phones in a professional and friendly manner
"answer phones, direct consumer to the proper department and follow up in a timely manner"
"answer phones, directing callers, and efficiently dispatching them to the proper person, department or voicemail when needed"
"answer phones, take phone orders, and provide information about go! go!"
"answer phones, take to-go & small catering orders, properly place someone on hold, direct calls or take detailed messages when necessary"
answer store department telephone calls and provide product information to customers with excellent phone etiquette.
answer the phone using appropriate greeting and maintaining customer service levels as needed
answer the phone/take orders/uber monitoring; treating phone guest as we would our dining guest.
answer the telephone according to established standards.
answer the telephone in a polite and enthusiastic manner; then direct the call to the appropriate department or employee.
answering a multi-line phone system and directing calls in a professional and courteous manner.
"answering all incoming service calls, making service appointments, loaning out service loaner vehicles and invoicing customer repair orders"
answering guest calls and inquiries
answer phones
answer phone promptly and in a professional manner to provide customer service.
and supervisor position with experience.
answer guests questions about menu qualifications:
and that there is adequate change.
announce special orders out loud to prep kitchen staff on upcoming order
answer & follow managers direction
"answer and monitor all calls and pages promptly, courteously and effectively."
"answer any customer inquiries, and use your knowledge of store layout and product content to give directions as needed"
answer customer inquires
answer customer inquiries as needed
answer customer questions
answer customer questions and get a manager if answer doesn't solve the issue
"answer customer questions regarding products, services and hours of operations"
"answer customer service questions concerning parking and answer general customer. inquiries in a courteous, professional and effective manner, referring questions to the supervisor when applicable."
answer customers' questions and provide information on parking procedures and/or policies.
"answer customers' questions, and provide information on procedures or policies."
"answer dealership group phones, greet and receive prospects and customers"
answer department telephone calls and pages quickly and with excellent phone etiquette
answer department telephone calls and pages quickly and with excellent phone etiquette.
"answer emails and making phone calls, about general enrollment , reschedule and follow up.re-engaging inactive members"
"answer guest questions about menu, preparation, products, etc"
"answer guest questions regarding games, resolve game malfunctions and assist customers with ticket redemption."
also help kitchen preparation.
allergen knowledge
"all you need to bring is your passion for people and your inner ""foodie""out. we can teach you all the technical stuff."
adheres to loss prevention control and compliance procedures
adheres to time and attendance policies and standards.
adheres to zegna store operating procedures.
adhering to all food safety regulations and quality controls.
administer exceptional guest service by answering all guest questions and/or directing them to the appropriate supervisor
administrative
"administrative duties such as, but not limited to: filing and data entry."
adoption assistance
advancement in a growing company (if you want it)
advancement opportunities
advancement opportunities with a growing company and much more!
advancement opportunities with a growing company and much more! what you bring to the team:
advertising the merchandise area using barista signage and other approved materials.
"advise store manager immediately of any out of stocks, special needs and customer requests."
advise store manager of any personnel situations or policy violations having an adverse effect on store operating performance.
"advocates of guest experience who welcome, thank, and exceed guest service expectations by focusing on guest interaction and recovery. advocates of both physical and digital services and solutions who are knowledgeable about capabilities and features that drive adoption, usage and ultimately guest loyalty. empowered to make shopping effortless and seamless for guests at the checklanes, guest services, gift registry, pick-up and drive up."
aesthetic organization and attention to detail
"affordable benefit coverage, including medical, dental vision"
"aflac, legal shield & identity theft shield, fsa"
"after completing registration, if your qualifications fit our needs,"
adheres to merchandise protection standards
adheres to inventory procedures and product handling guidelines.
"all you need to bring is your passion for people and your inner ""foodie"" out. we can teach you all the technical stuff."
adheres to health and safety standards when handling food.
"adhere to payment, cash handling and credit policies."
adhere to safe work practices and ensure compliance with all applicable us regulatory rules and regulations.
adhere to schedule and arrive ready to work on time.
adhere to shakey’s alcoholic beverage service policy while providing beer and wine service.
"adhere to work schedule, inclusive of time and attendance"
"adherence to all cash register operations (pos), policy/store standards"
adherence to duties checklist and other duties as assigned
"adherence to safety and food handling procedures is expected, as is the adherence to local, state, and federal health and sanitation laws. you must also be able to operate kitchen equipment."
adherence to sephora’s dress code and other policies in the sephora employee handbook
adheres to all company policies & procedures when operating the cash register.
adheres to all company policies & procedures when operating the cash register. verifies till contents (money) at the beginning of shift.
adheres to all company policies and procedures paying special attention to health and/or safety procedures. skills: -interpersonal skills -computer literacy -filing
"adheres to all labor laws, policies, and procedures"
adheres to all procedures and controls associated with class ii poker operations.
adheres to cash handling policies and procedures
adheres to cash policies and procedures to minimize losses.
"adheres to company standards, including personal hygiene and appearance."
"adheres to company standards, policies and procedures."
adheres to food safety standards and procedures.
after the guest is done ordering repeat the order to the guest
after training: monday through friday - xpm to xpm (x hours)
after xx-day trial period: $xx.xx
"agds corp dba ace hardware, hatchet hardware is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national or ethnic origin, disability, as well as any other characteristic protected by federal, provincial or local law. applicants must be over the age of xx."
all employees should be aware that new or additional responsibilities outside the scope of this job description may be assigned by management as necessary.
"all employees who know or have reason to know of allegations or acts that violate artcenter’s title ix policy prohibiting discrimination, harassment, retaliation, sexual harassment, sexual misconduct, sexual violence, dating violence, and stalking shall promptly inform the dhr administrator and title ix coordinator, or designee or the assistant dean of students or designee. faculty with a mandatory duty to report are required to disclose all information including the names of the parties, even where the person has requested their name remain confidential."
all job requirements are subject to possible modification to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities. some requirements may exclude individuals who pose a direct threat or significant risk to the health and safety of themselves or other employees.
"all lowe’s associates deliver quality customer service while maintaining a store that is clean, safe, and stocked with the products customers need. as a customer service associate – front end, this means:"
"all lowe’s associates deliver quality customer service while maintaining a store that is clean, safe, and stocked with the products customers need. as a customer service associate – sales floor, this means:"
"all lowe’s associates deliver quality customer service while maintaining a store that is clean, safe, and stocked with the products our customers need. as a head cashier, this means:"
all merchandise must be neat sized should from smallest to largest as outlined in the visual standards binder.
"all of our employees can come from different backgrounds and walks of life, but what we are looking for is something special, that will allow them to blend in seamlessly with the existing crowd of greatness."
all of the positions involve a significant amount of customer service with a focus on a positive customer experience. make sure to provide your email address when applying for the position.
all other duties as assigned by impark
all other duties as assigned job requirements:
all other duties as assigned.
all other duties as assigned. knowledge:                                                          excellent guest service skills and experience.
all other duties based on business needs.
"all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, disability, age, citizenship status, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. eoe/dfw"
"all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law."
"all resumes will be reviewed to determine if they meet the hiring eligibility and qualification requirements listed in this announcement, and will be rated based on the information provided in the resume to determine the level of ksas related to the job requirements. using the qualifications of the position, a predetermined rating criterion of ksas will be used for each resume. best qualified applicants will be referred to the hiring manager. click the following link to preview the applicant questionnaire: preview applicant questionnaire."
"all sites are clean and well-lit and have a strong customer base. employees will be offered a competitive starting wage rate with health, dental and eye care benefits for full time employees."
all team members are expected to report to work as scheduled and required to record work time through our electronic time and attendance system. excessive lateness and/or absences is not acceptable.
all cgi offers of employment in the u.s. are contingent upon the ability to successfully complete a background investigation. background investigation components can vary dependent upon specific assignment and/or level of us government security clearance held.
all candidates must pass a required background check includes a drug test
"all candidates must pass a drug screening (in applicable states), and be xx years or older."
"aldi is committed to equal opportunity for all employees and applicants. as a proud equal opportunity employer (eoe), we do not discriminate based on race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, religion, sex, sexual stereotyping, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, mental or physical disability, medical condition, genetic information, military or veteran status, pregnancy (which includes pregnancy, childbirth, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), or any other protected characteristic. employment may be contingent upon aldi’s receipt of an acceptable and job-related drug test, motor vehicle report, and/or reference check, as applicable and permissible by law."
aggressive -- competitive and growth-oriented
"ahma rx's story can a pharmacy improve the lives of its patients? can we make it easier to get the right medications and clear the path filled with endless paperwork? can we change the idea of this process to a journey, from just mechanically taking medicine to finding growth in better health? these are questions we ask ourselves every day. this is about walking with our patients and being their voice. this is about opening the communication cycle between the doctor, the patient and the insurer. we believe the future of pharmacy is not solely based on technological advancements but also in the way we connect with patients. this is the evolution of the pharmacy who puts people first. we are ahma rx, an independently owned hybrid community / specialty pharmacy whose mission is to simplify the prescription journey through elevated customer care. ahma is literally rooted in love and care which means we fully embrace the point of view of putting patient care first. we believe the foundation of that level of care starts with the people that make up our team. because of that, our priority is finding the right people and equipping them to work in an environment where they can thrive. we hope our vision resonates with you and we’d love to hear from you."
"aid in maintaining a clean, customer friendly environment in the store"
"al studio are looking for an energetic, well organized cashier/customer service representative who enjoy be around with children and art to join us as a team! work location are in kirkland downtown and factoria bellevue; hours are mostly m-f x-x:xxpm and weekends."
"albany, ny (required)"
"albany, ny xxxxx us"
alcohol [insert what the duties are with respect to alcohol]
alcoholic beverage servers certification (tabc/basset)
"aldi offers competitive wages and benefits, including:"
all associates based in the eu should apply to the job by clicking here. please note that you will have to create a new account on the application page.
alert supervisor to any and all unusual circumstances at the facility.
align with raising cane’s culture by balancing working hard and having fun
all about service & engagement
all about small formats
all about target
"all applicant are required to stock, lift, stand, and clean. if you can not lift at least xxlbs please do not apply."
all applicants must be at least xx years of age. your role here: serves guest in a friendly and efficient manner.
"all applicants must be at least xx years old, have a minimum of two years driving experience and possess an acceptable driving record. employees must maintain a professional appearance and attitude, and excellent customer service skills are a must!"
answering guest questions about menu items.
answering phone calls
assemble and deliver order to customers quickly and efficiently.
"as a cashier you are accountable for the customer service and sales experience including: maintaining checkout standards; assisting with general operations such as omnichannel, recovery and inventory; and upholding performance standards relative to shrink/safety and meeting performance standards associated with the role. primary responsibilities:"
"as a cashier you will hold a lasting impression for our customer’s shopping experience by performing all customer service functions according to established procedures. your role will include assisting customers during the checkout process, performing all cash register functions, and bag groceries when necessary. support the regional customer service vision and ensure a positive company image by providing courteous, friendly, and efficient customer service to customers and team members."
"as a cashier you will work in a in a high paced environment and you must maintain a calm, professional demeanor while performing your duties in an accurate manner. the cashier is expected to deliver exceptional customer service and meet sales and productivity goals."
"as a cashier you will work in a in a high paced environment and you must maintain a calm, professional demeanor while performing your duties in an accurate manner. the cashier is expected to deliver exceptional customer service and meet sales and productivity goals. top performers have an opportunity for permanent employment. key responsibilities:"
"as a cashier, this position is key to creating a customer friendly environment"
"as a cashier, you are responsible for completing payment, exchanges, returns, and other transactions with clients. you will provide courteous, knowledgeable service at the cash wrap, and in addition, you will:"
"as a cashier, you are responsible for:"
"as a cashier, you must be willing to put the customer's needs first and foremost. you must work with the team in order to provide an exceptional service and welcome customers with courtesy. your communication skills are developed and you are determined to succeed? we would like to meet you, submit your application today!"
"as a cashier, you will be responsible for being a brand ambassador in the front of house at your location and overseeing all client experiences, from the point of entry through our door, to finding a table, to ordering at the pos, conversing with our clients, and cleaning tables and stations throughout. you do so by maintaining our standard of culinary distinction, showcasing and employing legendary service, and monitoring operational excellences in the dining room, within our systems, our staffs, and with our clients."
"as a cashier, you will be responsible for providing excellent customer service to our customers."
"as a cashier, you will craft quality customer experiences by providing efficient, effective customer service in the checkout lane that creates a positive and lasting impact on meijer customers."
"as a cashier/receptionist you must have great communication, customer service and time management skills. we are seeking an upbeat, self-starter who is detail-oriented and has excellent phone etiquette. ideal candidates are driven to succeed, learn and grow in the automotive industry."
as a deli clerk you will:
"as a dewitt cashier/stocker, you help keep displays, shelves, and coolers fully stocked and rotated. you are determined to provide prompt and friendly customer service at the register while maintaining accuracy. you are on the front line of maintaining and engaging customers in our triple bottom line people, products, and the planet. dewitt stockers/cashiers help set the tone for our shopper's experience - ensuring the experience is fresh, fun, and informative!"
as a driver you will:
as a driver you:
"as a front end team member, you play a critical role in the customer service experience by providing customers with fast, friendly, and accurate service. you will process transactions, answer questions, and ensure customers leave feeling positive about their visit. while both part-time and full-time positions generally focus on front end cashier support, you may also be assigned at times to merchandiser/stock associate and sales associate duties as necessary."
"as a fuel cashier, you will need to be highly skilled in accurately processing large diesel fuel transactions, handling payments in cash, checks, and credit cards. you will need to be efficient in multi-tasking the processing of customer transactions involving merchandise, truck scales, shower reservations, different forms of transmitting communications, and handling the personal check-cashing process. having prior experience would be to your advantage. this position requires good communication and cash-handling skills and good personal grooming habits. physical requirements include standing up to x hours during a shift and able to lift up to xx pounds. brand: travel centers of america"
"as a general guideline, being awesome is considered an asset"
"as a guest advocate, no two days are ever the same, but a typical day will most likely include the following responsibilities:"
as a cashier you will have a thorough knowledge and understanding of the panera menu
"as a cashier at wingstop, an individual will have to take and give out orders to the kitchen staff. he/she will have to be quick and efficient in communicating with crew members and kitchen staff to make sure the guests get their orders on time. a cashier will have to balance their cash drawers, listen and solve customer queries, and replace food if necessary. the individual has to be an ideal team player as this is a very fast paced and strenuous job, which requires him/her to be in the good books of everyone, including the guests. wingstop is not fast food; our wings are made with care and served up piping hot. every order is made fresh when you order it; nothing sits under a heat lamp. in addition to hot fresh wings our sides are homemade. fresh cut seasoned fries are cut daily in every restaurant from idaho potatoes. if you haven’t tried any of our sides you are missing out!"
"as a husky shop sales associate, your typical day might include the following:"
"as a cashier at velvet taco, you are responsible for providing excellent guest service to each guest. the cashier’s duties include following our steps of service, providing knowledge of menu items, ensuring products are stocked and seeing to guest satisfaction. additionally, the cashier will perform minimal housekeeping duties including sweeping, sanitizing counter tops and assist in bussing tables. tips to succeed"
"are you looking for a place where you can enjoy your work? harlem shake's purpose is to create a great environment for people on both sides of the register. we believe if our team members are cared for and happy, they will return the same treatment to the guests and this will be felt both by our guests and by our sales tally. why should you apply to this position today?"
"are you looking for an opportunity where you can grow your career? are you an organized and driven individual with experience working in customer service? are you passionate about delivering a unique customer experience? if you answered yes, we want to talk to you."
"are you passionate about providing exceptional service? do you take pride in exceeding expectations? as a key customer-facing member of our team, the cashier will have the opportunity to provide exceptional, and memorable, customer service to our students, faculty, staff, and guests. you will ensure that our guests’ needs are met efficiently and accurately, all with a warm, polite demeanor. we want our guests to remember that you provided the best usc experience, so that they are eager to return!"
are you ready? the sales associate position requires the following:
"are you willing to go the extra mile to provide outstanding customer service? we will train, but you should have a smile, strong math skills, the ability to follow detailed instructions and be eager to learn. mature, analytical thinkers preferred. this is a busy, fast paced environment!"
"are you willing to undergo a background check, in accordance with local law/regulations?"
are you xx or over?
"arrive at work every scheduled day, on time and in a neat and clean uniform."
arrive in complete uniform before and during scheduled shifts
arrive on time for each shift and practice proper time reporting (punch in and out accurately)
arrive to work on time and ready to work at the start of their shift.
"arrives to work station on time, appropriately groomed, dressed and ready to work; works all scheduled shifts and attends required trainings and meetings."
"arrives to work station on time, appropriately groomed, dressed, and ready to work; work all scheduled shifts and attend required trainings and meetings."
art background or daycare/school working experience is a plus.
"artcenter college of design is committed to excellence through the establishment of a diverse faculty and staff that best represents our student body and its surrounding communities. the college considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, genetic information, medical condition, marital status, veteran status, or disability. applicants who wish to request an accommodation for a disability may contact the human resources department at (xxx) xxx-xxxx."
"artelice patisserie is currently seeking front counter team members that are friendly, customer service oriented individuals to join the team. this is an exciting job where you'll be responsible for ensuring our patisserie is running smoothly."
artopolis bakery cafe & agora is looking for servers to add to its team. we are looking for experiences servers who have open availability after x pm on weekdays and ability to work morning and and or evening shifts.
"as a candidate, we’d like you to have:"
"as a cashier at sprouts farmers market, you are the face of the company while you process each customer’s order quickly, accurately, and efficiently while ensuring complete customer satisfaction through prompt and friendly service. as a cashier, sprouts farmers market looks to you to accurately handle customer cash, credit/debit payments, and change, and assist customers by providing information and resolving their complaints. following all front end procedures, assisting with stocking shelves, facing and dusting as needed are all a part of the day for a sprouts farmers market cashier. a cashier maintains knowledge of weekly ad items, gives customers direction of product location throughout the store, is familiar with events and seminars going on or coming up, and maintains excellent communication with front end manager and head cashier at all times. a cashier is expected to ensure that checkout areas are properly maintained in a clean and orderly condition at all times, and execute all other related duties as assigned."
"as a head cashier at sprouts farmers market, you are responsible for the supervision of a team of cashiers, providing training, hiring, monitoring, and assistance with operational issues. this position is primarily mobile, proactively visiting registers, providing direction and support to cashiers and baggers, and ensuring excellent customer service. typically, the head cashier is in the register to assist in potential customer assistance issues while maintaining visibility of the exit doors for security and loss prevention issues. the head cashier also assists in the selection of and the training of new cashiers as well as taking the necessary steps for disciplinary actions, which may include directly administering discipline, participating in disciplinary actions, or providing input to the store xrd manager or store manager on required disciplinary actions. the head cashier is also responsible to assign store sweeps, monitor/maintain cash register supply levels, and also maintain cleanliness standards in our restrooms and our parking lots. the head cashier will also schedule and oversee the proper execution of appropriate meal and rest breaks pursuant to company policy and state requirements. if you’re someone who thrives in a fast paced environment then we want to hear from you!"
"as a line cook, you will ensure the highest quality of food is served at all times from our kitchen. the line cook sets up the line, stocks product in walk-in freezer and fridge, cooks and prep food according to the kitchen recipes, cleans, sanitizes, maintains equipment, utensils, tools, and any additional tasks given by the chef. as a cashier you will ensure the our guests will be greated with the upmost respect and making sure they have a great experience eating at our kitchen. as a cashier you're in charge of opening and closing registers. keeping your area clean and always maintain a positive attitude."
"answering phonecalls, taking reservations and answering questions."
"as one of the frontline positions for the company, this role is integral to the companys success. the ideal fit for this position would be an energetic, outgoing, people oriented and self motivated candidate with strong verbal communication skills and ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment maintaining high level of customer focus. the primary purpose of a customer service associate is to directly interact with customers and provide fast and friendly customer service while maintaining a clean safe environment."
"as our senior staff moves on in their career, we are promoting from within. our successful cashiers are quickly being promoted to greater responsibilities, normally within months of hiring."
"as part of an eyewear industry leader, luxottica, sunglass hut has an energetic, fashion-forward culture and diverse career paths for all types of talented and driven people."
"as part of our collaborative and guest-obsessed team, you help us create an experience that makes guests say “i love target!” when you work at target, you’re helping every family discover the joy in everyday life. you’re working alongside a dedicated team that brings their passion and pride to all that they do."
"as part of our collaborative and guest-obsessed team, you help us create an experience that makes guests say “i love target!” when you work at target, you’re helping every family discover the joy in everyday life. you’re working alongside a dedicated team that brings their passion and pride to all that they do. you delight our guests in all areas of the store ensuring each guest has an enjoyable experience in our smallest format stores."
"as part of our collaborative and guest-obsessed team, you help us create an experience that makes guests say “i love target!” when youwork at target,you’rehelping every family discover the joy in everyday life. you’re working alongside adedicated team that brings their passion and pride to all that they do. you delight our guestsin all areas of the store ensuring each guest has an enjoyable experience in our smallest format stores. all aboutsmall formats"
"as service team member, you will be responsible for supporting general day-to-day restaurant operations with a focus on delivering a great guest experience. service team member roles include various guest-facing functions, such as host, cashier, runner, and busser, and in this role, you will have the opportunity to experience any and all of these functions. we are looking for individuals with great personalities who enjoy interacting with guests, have a can-do attitude, and are willing to work in a fast-paced environment. prior restaurant experience is preferred but not required!. requirements:"
"as the cashier assistant, you will contribute to profitable sales growth by assisting and training cashier associates and delivering company checkout experience strategies."
"as the cashier supervisor –you are accountable for driving customer service to achieve profitable sales growth by leading and engaging associates, delivering company checkout experience strategies and omnichannel processes, and coaching associates on customer service."
as the cashier your primary role is to provide an additional level of exceptional customer service at the registers. the transaction process is a key element to our customer's experience and the lead must execute their tasks to fulfill the customer service expectations set by the north face retail division.
"as the cashier, you will:"
"as the counter attendant, you will often be the first point of contact for our guests as they enter the restaurant. your position is one of high visibility and carries a high level of responsibility. you will be expected to communicate with our guests in a friendly and sincere manner, both in person and on the telephone. you should be knowledgeable on the menu and the varying products we carry, as you will be responsible for taking a majority of the orders that are placed throughout each shift. you may also need to guide our guests on the steps of service particular to our restaurant (ex. how/where to pick up food, order drinks, find a table etc.). the responsibilities of the counter attendant include, but are not limited to, taking orders, both in person and to go, answering the phone, juice prep, preparing and stocking coffee/espresso, maintaining to go sauces, and making sure the counter is always stocked."
"as the leading foodservice and support services company, compass group north america is a family of companies building experiences for all of our customers."
"as winco foods continues to grow, our diversity—from our variety of perspectives and wide range of experiences—is essential to our strategy and success. we are committed to continue to cultivate and celebrate an inclusive environment in which all employees are valued and respected regardless of their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran, or disability status."
"as your local ace hardware, we at spalding hardware pride ourselves on offering you superior service and selection. you are sure to find what you need to finish any project in one of our many departments. not sure what you need? just ask one of our helpful hardware associates. our knowledgeable staff would be happy to offer tips so that you can get your work done in no time. we love to help you get your weekend back! the cashier is responsible for register transactions involving the sale and/or return of merchandise. essential duties & responsibilities"
ascend or descend stairs
ase certification (preferred)
"ask anyone who works here what they love about their job, and one of the first things they’ll say is “the people”. we’re not tooting our own horn here: what makes our culture unique is a shared admiration for innovation, excellence, a strong work ethic, entrepreneurial spirit, diversity, empathy, friendliness, and an insatiable curiosity."
ask for michelle
"aspire to our “be fair” ideals: be friendly, accommodating, inclusive and respectful"
"as our cashier (barista duties), you will contribute to starbucks’ success by providing legendary customer service to all of our customers. you will create the starbucks experience for our customers by providing them with prompt service, quality beverages and products, and maintaining a clean and comfortable store environment. you will model and act in accordance with starbucks’ guiding principles. we want our guests to remember that you provided the best usc experience, so that they are eager to return!"
"as business needs arise, other tasks may become necessary qualifications success profile:"
"as a member of our retail team you will become an invaluable part of the blazing bagels team, ensuring that blazing bagels can provide that “oh my gosh” bagel experience to all of our customers and team members. in this role you will primarily be responsible for providing amazing customer service, ringing up customer orders, preparing mouthwatering sandwiches and bagels, and preparing espresso drinks. our retail team members are tasked with providing customers with super-fast service, a memorable and unique experience, as well as awesome bagels and sandwiches."
"as business needs arise, other tasks may become necessary"
"as a new co-worker, you will begin orientation/practice in one skill position, and can track your own progress to becoming certified in this position. after being certified in a position, co-workers may cross-train in other skill positions as part of our fasttracks training program."
"as a part of horseshoe casino’s employment process, finalist candidates will be required to complete a drug test and background check prior to an offer being extended. horseshoe casino is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, or marital status. primary location: indiana-hammond-horseshoe hammond"
"as a part of our continued growth we are looking for dedicated and passionate cashiers. as a cashier you will be responsible for assisting customers with questions and parts sales. the cashier will also be responsible for maintaining excellent customer service to internal and external customers always. we are seeking candidates who are extremely motivated and are excited about the opportunity to support all operational processes and procedures. if you like growth and working with happy, enthusiastic individuals, you'll enjoy a career with us! essential job duties: receive payment for parts being purchased and issue correct change."
"as a representative of ross inc., demonstrates integrity and honesty in all interactions with associates and customers. safeguards confidential information, cash and credit card information, and merchandise."
"as a server cashier, you will be responsible for keeping your area neat, clean, well stocked and ready to serve our guests. provide quality service to each guest in a courteous and efficient manner while always displaying a pleasant and enthusiastic attitude. you will efficiently handle the guest payment with a point of sale register system. this position requires good communication skills, good personal grooming habits, and accurate money handling skills. physical requirements include standing up to x hours during a shift and able to lift up to xx pounds. brand: petro stopping centers"
"as a server cashier, you will be responsible for keeping your area neat, clean, well stocked and ready to serve our guests. provide quality service to each guest in a courteous and efficient manner while always displaying a pleasant and enthusiastic attitude. you will efficiently handle the guest payment with a point of sale register system. this position requires good communication skills, good personal grooming habits, and accurate money handling skills. physical requirements include standing up to x hours during a shift and able to lift up to xx pounds. brand: travel centers of america"
"as a servicedepartment’s receptionist cashier, you will"
"as a small format team member, no two days are ever the same, but a typical day will most likely include the following responsibilities:"
as a stock team member you will:
"as a store cashier, you will need to be skilled in processing retail merchandise purchases, stocking merchandise displays, and maintain a clean, safe retail environment. this position requires good communication and cash-handling skills and good personal grooming habits. physical requirements include standing up to x hours during a shift and able to lift up to xx pounds. brand: travel centers of america"
"as a team member of pikes pit bar-b-que, you will serve america’s best bbq and promote real"
"as a team member you will support restaurant operations through various roles at the point-of-sale counter and in the dining, bar and game areas. the foh team member will initially learn and perform in one foh station, but is required to train and progress through all foh responsibilities over time."
as a team member you will:
"as a team member your top priority is guest satisfaction. whether you are the very first person our guests encounter or you are producing quality finished bakery items that our guests have come to enjoy and love you will have the opportunity to deliver and create exceptional guest experiences. your energy and passion for guest service are what make you a top team member in this fast-paced environment, while your ability to multi-task and communicate with your fellow team members will contribute to your success."
"as a to go specialist/cashier, you will share with our guests your famous food knowledge allowing them to have a famous bbq experience at home, in their office or at a backyard bbq! of course, famous dave’s expects you to be punctual, to support your fellow team members when we are smokin’ busy, and complete side duties that include but may not be limited to bussing tables, cleaning workstations, expediting orders and running food."
"as alexus service receptionist cashier your interaction will set the tone for theentire customer experience and potentially impact the entire brand! yourgenuine warmth and helpful nature enable you to rise to every occasion, fromcheerfully greeting to handling the high-level executive that’s in a rush toget to their next meeting with prompt courtesy."
"as an equal opportunity employer, usc values and promotes diversity and inclusion in the workplace. the work culture thrives on mutual respect, trust and synergy amongst all of its members."
"as an equal opportunity employer, usc values and promotes diversity and inclusion in the workplace. the work culture thrives on mutual respect, trust, and synergy amongst all of its members."
"as an organization, we credit our success and longevity to our strong core values. at kuvera, we roll up our sleeves every day and make it fun for our teams so that they can make it fun for our guests. we take care of each other, and we never stop innovating. we offer a competitive hourly wage, generous bonuses based on sales performance, and great benefits!"
"are you looking for a job with competitive wages and benefits, one in which you can learn and grow while making a difference in the world? we’re hiring! bon appétit management company operates more than x,xxx cafés around the country for corporations, universities, and museums, as well as a few dozen public restaurants. we’ve led the industry in socially and environmentally responsible sourcing, from sustainable seafood to cage-free eggs. we cook everything from scratch using fresh, local ingredients. full-time associates at bon appétit are eligible for many benefits, including:"
"are you looking for a fun, fast-paced job in a unique setting, or perhaps a great part-time job during nights and weekends?"
"are you intrigued by wildlife and the beauty of zoological gardens, and want to work for an amazing company that puts its team, partners, guests & planet first? be a part of this fascinating “must-see” featured destination in seattle – a place that has sparked delight, discovery, and unforgettable memories for generations. imagine yourself helping our guests create memorable experiences…now imagine a fun and rewarding retail leadership support role at our woodland park zoo gift stores! our story our story begins with extraordinary people. it is a group of creative, detailed and passionate folks that make up our store and store support center teams that truly love what they do – helping further our partner’s missions by creating spectacular retail experiences. event network is the industry leader in experiential and lifestyle retail, proudly delivering unparalleled guest experiences at unique world-class locations in north america. our stores are at many of the most iconic cultural and resort destinations throughout the united states and canada, including zoos, aquariums, museums, science centers, botanical gardens, iconic, traveling exhibitions and other highly regarded cultural institutions. to see a complete list of our partnerships, please visit us at www.eventnetwork.com. the position our people make us pretty great! our friendly and enthusiastic team help create delight and surprise as they interact with guests to deliver the ultimate guest shopping experience. as lead cashier (part-time), you will demonstrate a mastery of the register system"
any other duties that may be assigned by the supervisor.
"anyone can apply. no experience is needed. we will be training. basic duties include taking both walk in orders, and phone orders. making sure food is delivered to customers. cleaning and restocking the front of the store to make sure things are always on hand. some cleaning will be needed to be done."
"anyone looking for great work environment and team work with positive attitude, please apply and will discuss further"
ap: x year (preferred)
apparel specialist
applicant qualifications
applicants must be able to:
applicants must be willing to work outdoors in all types of weather.
"applicants must have customer service experience, must have or be willing to get basset certification, cash handling experience is a plus, and a smart phone is required. references will be contacted, and must pass background check."
applicants must meet the following qualifications:
"applicants will also be expected to be able to work on their feet for several hours at a time. customer service / cashier / foh crew member / team member is generally offered as full time or part time restaurant job. prior experience as customer service, cashier, associate, restaurant crew member, team member or other part time restaurant job experience is not required but is preferred. special instructions please do not send any emails, resumes, or call."
"applicants with disabilities who require assistance or accommodation should contact the nearest nordstrom location, which can be identified at www.nordstrom.com ."
application instructions
application question:
application questionsyou have requested that indeed ask candidates the following questions:
application settings
applications are available daily at the location listed below:
applications available in-store at the following location:
apply by following the steps:
apply by sending a complete resume to this listing
any other tasks as assigned from time to time by any manager.
any item over xx pounds requires a team lift.
"are you intrigued by what the city of chicago has to offer, and do you want to work for an amazing company that puts its team, partners, guests & planet first? be a part of this fascinating “must-see” featured attraction and see for yourself what guests from all over get to explore of the city like never before! imagine yourself helping our guests create memorable experiences…now imagine a fun and rewarding retail position at our skydeck gift store! our story our story begins with extraordinary people. it is a group of creative, detailed and passionate folks that make up our store and store support center teams that truly love what they do – helping further our partner’s missions by creating spectacular retail experiences. event network is the industry leader in experiential and lifestyle retail, proudly delivering unparalleled guest experiences at unique world-class locations in north america. our stores are at many of the most iconic cultural and resort destinations throughout the united states and canada, including zoos, aquariums, museums, science centers, botanical gardens, iconic, traveling exhibitions and other highly regarded cultural institutions. to see a complete list of our partnerships, please visit us at www.eventnetwork.com. the position our people make us pretty great! our friendly and enthusiastic team help create delight and surprise as they interact with guests to deliver the ultimate guest shopping experience. as cashier (part-time), you will provide exceptional guest service as you assist in day-to-day store operations"
any cashier or guest service experience
answering phones
answering telephones
"answering the telephone in a professional manner and assisting guests with any questions, directions, etc."
answers all incoming service calls in a pleasant and positive demeanor and dispatches the call accordingly or schedules appointment through our appointment system
"answers customer questions about service performed or products purchased, or refers them to someone who can."
"answers customers' questions, and provide information on company procedures or policies"
answers incoming phone calls. directs caller to appropriate department or individual or takes a thorough message.
"answers multi-line telephone, relays calls to the appropriate person and takes messages in a professional and timely manner."
"answers neighbor's questions on animal care to help them find or maintain the perfect pet the store team member position can be physically demanding, requiring heavy lifting (xx-xx lbs) and standing for long periods of time. we support learning through our interactive pet degree pay-for-knowledge programs. pawsome store team members will:"
answers store phone.
answers telephone in a professional manner.
answers telephone in a prompt and courteous manner.
answers the phone following papa murphy’s standards and procedures.
answers the telephone within x rings and with a smile in his/her voice
anticipate and respond to guest needs and be sensitive to special needs and requests.
anticipate customer and store needs by being aware of surroundings
anticipate guest needs wherever possible and exhibit a sincere desire to meet or exceed them.
"anticipate guests needs, respond promptly and acknowledge all guest, however busy."
anticipates customer and store needs by constantly evaluating environment and customers for cues.
"apply by: december x, xxxx"
apply for this job
"apply in person @ cameron's deli - xxxx route x, brewster ny xxxxx"
"apply in person @ xxx old bethpage road, old bethpage ny xxxxx. please call xxx-xxx-xxxx with any questions."
appropriate sense of urgency
"approves voids, employee discounts, returns and exchanges"
approx (avg) take-home pay is around $xx-$xx/hr
"approximately seven plus hours per shift standing, walking. omni hotels & resorts is an equal opportunity employer. the eeo is the law poster and its supplement are available using the following links: eeoc is the law poster and the following link is the ofccp's pay transparency nondiscrimination policy statement if you are interested in applying for employment with omni hotels & resorts and need special assistance to apply for a posted position, please send an email to applicationassistance@omnihotels.com."
ar: x year (preferred)
"aracely's bakery in franklin park, il is looking for a bilingual (spanish) cashier to join our team. we are located on xxxx franklin ave. our ideal candidate is self-driven, motivated, and engaged. must be available to work some weekends. responsibilities greet customers entering and leaving the business *maintain a clean and tidy work area *accurately process all cash and credit payments *provide exceptional customer service *prepare sandwiches *stock deli and bread"
"aracely's bakery in franklin park, il is looking for a bilingual (spanish) morning cashier to join our team. we are located on xxxx franklin ave. our ideal candidate is self-driven, motivated, and engaged. must be available to work some weekends. responsibilities greet customers entering and leaving the business *maintain a clean and tidy work area *accurately process all cash and credit payments *provide exceptional customer service *prepare sandwiches *stock deli and bread"
are a team player with a guest first attitude
"are comfortable interacting with customers, providing descriptions and recommendations of our product"
are comfortable working in fast-paced environment
are local to the dtla area
are outgoing and driven individuals
are reliable and honest
are willing to work outdoors in various weather conditions
"are you a “people-person” who is enthusiastic about providing great customer service? are you looking for a flexible schedule and/or short term work? do you enjoy working with students? if so, consider becoming a buyback associate at university book store for the upcoming busy season!"
"are you a “people-person” who is enthusiastic about providing great customer service? are you looking for a flexible schedule and/or short term work? if so, consider becoming a cashier at university book store for the holiday season and winter rush."
"are you able to work in bronx, ny xxxxx?"
"are you an outgoing person that thrives in high energy, collaborative environments driving sales? transformco is offering an exciting new career to showcase your exceptional customer service skills as a fine jewelry associate! what does fine jewelry/cashier do? fine jewelry/ cashiers are responsible for: selling and servicing customers within one or more departments including fine jewelry; maintaining knowledge of products and using this knowledge to assist and educate customers on options available. they provide customer assistance and deliver a positive customer shopping experience. fine jewelry/ cashiers are typically non- commission, fixed hourly roles and a great opportunity to increase your sales knowledge and experience without the pressure of sales quotas. responsibilities:"
are you authorized to work in the following country: united states?
approaches all tasks with a “can-do” attitude
"approach all encounters with guests and employees in a friendly, service-oriented manner."
appreciate great music to get through the day
"apply now: text ""careers"" to xxx-xxx-xxxx do you enjoy leading others by providing an exemplary example and serving as a mentor? does overseeing a fast paced team in a fast paced environment sound exciting? do you have a passion for delivering an extraordinary customer service experience while working in a friendly environment? if the thought of helping people make healthy choices in one of the fastest growing retailers is up your alley – then we need you to join our winning team at sprouts farmers market as a head cashier!"
apply in person and meet manager or email at jim@panns.com.
apply in person at store!!
"apply in person at x little neck road, centerport or call us at xxx-xxx-xxxx"
"apply in person only, no other applications will be considered. nights, weekends and holidays are mandatory. duties include running register, cleaning and stocking. some cooking involved. experienced cashiers preferred."
apply in-store (at any of our other locations)
apply now for immediate consideration!
apply now: https://careers-marketxx.icims.com/jobs/xxxxx/colonie-center-mall-hiring-event---november-xx/job
"apply now: text ""careers"" to xxx-xxx-xxxx"
apply online at https://www.farmdistrict.com/jobs/multiple-positions/
"appreciate being on an enthusiastic, supportive, and positive team"
"apply online at pharmaca.com/careers or stop by our store located at xxxx e madison st, seattle, wa xxxxx eoe"
apply online at speedway.com/careers.
apply online at www.eggslut.com/apply-form
apply online at www.workxtims.com
"apply online, text/call with questions! (xxx) xxx-xxxx"
apply today with a fun & growing company
apply today!
apply via indeed today!
"balade your way is a modern fast casual restaurant located in midtown manhattan. we are looking to grow our family with skilled, passionate and positive individuals that are eager to succeed. we are looking to hire part time of full time cashiers to start asap. the ideal candidates will have the following requirements:"
balance a tray
looking for someone is responsible and looking forward to continually grown
cashier/teller
cashier: x years (preferred)
cashier: x years (required)
cashiering duties including preparing checks and processing payment through pos system
"cashiering duties: counting daily cash drops and managing various cashiering responsibilities such as (reconciling cash on a daily basis, petty cash, foreign exchange, auditing banks, etc)"
cashiering experience desired but not required
"cashiering experience, x-x years or more."
"cashiering – accurately uses pos screens and procedures to complete customer transactions, including, but not limited to, sales, special orders, gift certificates, invoicing, no tax and discounts. receives accurate payment for merchandise in the form of cash, check, credit, debit, store account and other alternative tender. follows all cash handling procedures, as well as accurately completes necessary paperwork. knows and conveys the mclendon hassle free return policy."
"cashiering, stocking coolers, serving beer/wine and cleaning all in one shift."
"cashiering, take orders, provide great customer service, cleaning, re-stocking, assembling orders, and light food preparation."
cashiering: x years (preferred)
cashiering: x years (required)
cashiering; maintain (point-of-sales) pos operations including opening and closing procedures
"cashiers according to established procedures, maintaining cash accuracy with receipts. makes deposits at the end of each shift."
cashiers and customer service
"cashiers are at the heart of burlington’s success! as the last person our customers interact with in stores, you’re tasked with the great responsibility of creating a lasting and positive memory of their burlington shopping experience. by always maintaining a positive and professional attitude, and working to deliver excellent customer service that addresses all the customer’s needs while getting them through the check-out process quickly and easily, our cashiers are key in helping us provide a world-class shopping experience to our customers."
cashiers are customer focused friendly employees that represent mcdonald's. requirements:
"cashiers are expected create an excellent dining experience by taking and delivering orders efficiently and with a positive attitude toward both their co-workers and our customers. cashiers must be knowledgeable about our meat products and assist butchers in preparing and selling items from out meat counter and retail space. the purpose of the front of the house is to communicate our practices and company philosophy to our guests, while highlighting the quality of our products."
cashiers are expected to maintain cash control per our company standards. excessive errors are not acceptable to the business and are monitored per our cash handling policy.
cashier: to accurately place customer orders in the system. receive cash and make proper change. ensure that all payments are accounted for correctly.
"cashier/runner job description: as a cashier/ runner you play a critical role in ensuring the guest has a great experience. you interact with the guest as they place the order and when you deliver their food to them so having a friendly, helpful attitude along with a big smile is a must!"
"cashiers are invited to join the burger lounge team! cashiers earn daily tips, $x - $x on top the hourly rate. at burger lounge you work today and get paid tomorrow, with instant pay every day is a pay day. work where the grass is greener:"
cashier/line server
cashier needed for busy convenience store. must be able to interact well with customers. register experience preferred but not necessary. on the job training done at store location.
cashier needed for healthcare facility
"cashier needed for wegmans warehouse cafeteria in gates with employment through jc wirth, inc."
cashier performance – role model for cashiering performance and efficiencies. trains and supports all cashier associates on checkout procedures. monitors associate productivity by utilizing point of sale productivity metrics. coaches and recognizing team.
"cashier performance – trains, mentors and coaches all cashier associates on checkout procedures to ensure outstanding service behaviors are consistently exhibited. regularly observes and ensures associates consistently follow and implement checkout experience processes. monitors associate efficiency by utilizing point of sale productivity metrics."
cashier position description
cashier position starts at $xx.xx/hour
cashier requirements:
"cashier responsibilities include receiving payments and issuing receipts, managing the money in their register, bagging items for customer, and cleaning the register area during downtime. you should also be available to take evening and weekend shifts occasionally and open to working holidays."
cashier responsibilities:
cashier skills & proficiencies:
"cashier will operate a cash register and check stand with integrity, to provide the store's customers with an accurate, fast, clean, efficient and friendly checkout service possible; to perform stocking and other duties, as assigned, depending upon the amount of time available, business volume, and other criteria according to company policy; to ensure that the work shift contributes to the financial best interests of the store. focus on delivering great customer service to secure store's financial success. “superior will not inquire about or seek information about applicant’s criminal history until after a conditional offer of employment has been made to the applicant."" brand: superior grocers"
"cashier, ralph's coffee"
"cashier, the athenaeum caltech job category: occasional"
cashier-stock associate
"cashier/ hospitality associate for busy downtown location. fun environment, fast paced service. min. x months customer service for position."
"cashier/attendant, chicago ridge, il - job details | indeed.com"
"cashier/attendant, summit, il - job details | indeed.com"
cashier/box office
"cashiers are in charge of taking takeout orders, packaging the takeout items, and cashing the guest out at the register."
cashiers are primarily responsible for handling most or all payment transactions for the entire restaurant and handling all takeout orders. cashiers pick up most or all guest calls to the restaurant. ability to speak chinese is a plus but not a requirement.
check in deliveries
certificates and licenses: valid food handlers permit. valid wa state driver’s license and appropriate insurance required. must maintain as current any certification or license listed herein and held at hire date.
"certificates, licenses, registrations"
certificates/licenses/registrations
"certification in trade related to department (e.g., kitchen, plumbing, electrical, lawn and garden)."
certification reimbursement:
certifications: none.
certified food handler certificate or equivalent servsafe certificate is greatly desirable but not required.
cgi is an equal opportunity employer.
"cgi provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. if you need an accommodation to apply for a job in the u.s., please email the cgi u.s. employment compliance mailbox at usemploymentcompliance@cgi.com . you will need to reference the requisition number of the position in which you are interested. your message will be routed to the appropriate recruiter who will assist you. please note, this email address is only to be used for those individuals who need an accommodation to apply for a job. emails for any other reason or those that do not include a requisition number will not be returned ."
"cgi will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. however, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with cgi’s legal duty to furnish information."
champion internal recognition and company contests.
"champions kreation service with energetic, friendly, and prompt greetings immediately upon making eye contact with guests"
change lives as you interact with guests and get to know their stories
change receipt paper as needed
"chartwells higher education brings fresh ideas and innovative concepts to higher education foodservice. we have quickly established ourselves as the leading college and university foodservice partner in the industry, and were twice named the fastest growing brand by nations restaurant news. while we reflect on a proud past, we keep a keen eye on what is yet to come, especially in the areas of culinary development and nutrition. we foster development in a setting where mobility, teamwork, and communication flourish."
"chatham: xx hudson ave, chatham ny xxxxx"
check all server side work duties for opening and closing.
check identification before serving alcohol according to state law
check in customers dropping off their vehicle
check in customers upon arrival
"certificates, licenses and registrations:"
"certain other physical requirements may apply, as reasonably applicable in a standard kitchen/restaurant environment brand: noodles & company"
"cashiers are responsible for honest quick and efficient sales transactions at the register. a cashier is required to assist customers as needed and maintain a friendly, energetic demeanor at all times. this position requires adhering to all procedural guidelines set by super king markets."
"central valley, ny, us"
"cashiers are responsible for providing friendly, responsive and exceptional guest service to create “raving fans” and future lunatics."
"cashiers must posses an interest in health with an emphasis on natural and organic foods, an ability to work well under pressure, outstanding customer service, and an understanding of computers. responsibilities:"
"cashiers operate cash register but do so much more than just that. they are the ambassadors of the restaurant to numerous guests and tourist visitors from around the world. they represent local pride and provide great hospitality. they are knowledgeable about our food, beverages, merchandise, history, and culture. they have a good to the fluent command of english language. they greet and serve guests in a fast, efficient and polite manner. they make sure each and every guest is taken care of and happy when they leave. they are great team members who support their co-workers and supervisors in achieving common goals and genuinely care about the team."
"cashiers play a critical customer service role by providing customers with fast, friendly, accurate and safe service. they process checkout and/or return transactions, as well as monitor and maintain the self-checkout area. they proactively seek product/project knowledge to provide customers with information and identify selling opportunities. they follow all policies and procedures to ensure that shrink is minimized. a head cashier will position cashiers and support them by expediting price checks, approving point of sale transactions and markdowns for mainline registers, self-checkout, returns, pro desk, special services, and tool rental. they provide first level escalation for customer issues and assist in the supervision, coaching and training of other front end associates by participating in the training of new cashiers and utilizing all available tools to coach and develop other cashiers. the preferred qualification for a head cashier is x+ years of cashier experience."
"cashiers provide excellent customer service by accurately ringing up sales, receiving money and giving back change to guests. cashiers create the ""wow"" experience for guests of quest. performs high caliber customer service related to the front of house duties as well as interactions with students and staff."
"cashiers provide excellent, professional customer service while accurately and efficiently processing orders and payments at the register. they promote pcc membership and programs."
"cashiers provide fast, friendly, and accurate check out services for our guests using computerized cash register systems. basic math skills, accuracy, and a sense of urgency are important, as is the ability to memorize product identification codes and weekly ad specials. cashiers are tasked with bagging their guests' orders and helping shoppers find items in the store. they assist in the cleaning and dusting of the checkout stands and surrounding areas and may take “return” products back to proper shelf locations."
cashiers responsibilities include:
cashiers within our food and beverage department will be responsible for greeting guests and promptly taking payments within the restaurant or food outlet assigned.
"cashiers/ hostesses are responsible for seating guests in a friendly and efficient manner, cashing them out when finished dining, answering the phone, taking to-go orders and assisting servers as needed."
cashiers/counter help
cashing out customers
"casual (jeans, t-shirt, sneakers), we provide an apron, you bring your own hat(cap, beanie, bandana, anything cover your hair), no sandals or open toe shoes, must be easy to move around, no nail polish or long nail."
category: administration
category: cashier
catering or food preparation skills.
cec cares fund (program to assist employees during catastrophes)
cell phone discount program.
"centereach hyundai is looking for a positive and enthusiastic person for receiving and processing payments for our service clients. the cashier reviews work performed, answers all incoming calls and assists in scheduling appointments for our service customers all while giving our customers a world class experience. . requirements:"
"cashier needed - kingston mines, a famous lincoln park blues nightclub, is looking for an energetic, outgoing, friendly, service-oriented self-starter to fill a cashier position. we're looking for the ability to analyze and solve problems, efficiently handle multiple duties under pressure, the ability to work well with others, a positive attitude, and a professional manner and appearance in all situations. the position includes limited cleaning/food prep. work hours include nights/weekends. must be at least xx years old."
cashier location
cashier level ii - seattle
career goals?
career growth: we are the largest private employer in los angeles offering tremendous development opportunities in multiple fields and industries. the trojan network connects current and previous members of the trojan family to create an endless professional network.
career site category store associate
careers at noodles are served with a side of:
carefully enter all sales into cash register to ensure that all purchases are accurately recorded.
caring. creative. careers.
"carle place, ny"
"carries bags of kibble, cat litter, aquariums and other purchases out to neighbors' cars pet care"
"carries pans, kettles and trays of food to and from work stations, stove and refrigerator in accordance with safety standards. distributes supplies, utensils and portable equipment."
carry customers order to their vehicle when necessary
"carry out additional duties to prepare food, deal with special customers, maintain cash drawer"
"carry weight, lift, move, transport, position, put, install, remove; frequently moves product, dishes, boxes weighing up to xx pounds."
carrying: frequent carrying of items ranging in weight from xx lbs. to xx lbs.
cars and light trucks
carter motors is an eoe and drug free company
"carter vw & subaru in ballard is currently seeking a cashier/receptionist with excellent customer service skills and a winning attitude. this individual will receive calls into the dealership, determine the nature of the callers business, and direct the caller to their destination. this position will also be responsible for basic accounting skills and knowledge of routine accounting functions in both accounts receivable and accounts payable."
carts benefits: xxx% company paid medical/dental plan and annuity program.
"casa toscana an italian coffee shop located in the heart of financial district(xx john st) is searching for an engaging, courteous barista who is passionate about food and beverage preparation and education. the barista will greet customers, answer their questions, take orders and accept payments, and prepare and serve food and drinks. you will also maintain a clean and well-stocked workspace and dining area, update displays, and continuously expand your knowledge of food and beverage quality controls, preparation methods, and presentation."
cash all checks within standard procedures.
cash handling and register
career growth potential – we promote xx% of our managers from within!
career driven cook/cashier
cashier key responsibilities:
"career development, industry knowledge, and wine, spirits, and beer education"
candidates who apply for the cashier clerk position must possess the following skills:
"candidates who have completed xx credits of college-level coursework (representing x years), or have shown similar self-development through certifications, trade school coursework, etc. are preferred. educational requirements may differ from job to job based on the role."
"candidates who wishes to apply should be well organized with previous phone and cashier experience. (excellent telephone etiquette, confident math skills and knowledge of proper cash handling procedures)."
cantonese (preferred)
"capability to do some light lifting, working up to x-hour shifts and doing light paperwork, including basic math benefits that can’t be beat: medical/dental/vision and life insurance plans"
capability to prioritize multiple tasks effectively
capable of counting money and making change
capable of efficient time management.
capable of handling multiple priorities; working calmly under pressure and exercising good judgment
capable of handling multiple tasks at one time
capable of lifting heavy objects with or without reasonable accommodation
"capable of preparing drinks in a clean, efficient manner"
capable of working in an unsupervised setting.
"carbone gmc buick cadillac of utica the hours include: monday through thursday x pm - x pm, friday x pm - x pm and alternating saturdays from x am - x pm. (with potential to become a permanent position.) do you love helping people? have cash handling experience? if you have the drive to set your career in motion, look no further. get your career in gear today! we are one of over xxx lithia motors dealerships nationwide representing over xx manufacturers in xx states! being one of the largest dealership groups in america, there are many opportunities for you to pursue your short and long-term career goals. benefits:"
"carbone hyundai of yorkville hours include: mon through thurs x pm to x pm and saturday x am to x pm do you love helping people? have cash handling experience? if you have the drive to set your career in motion, look no further. get your career in gear today! we are one of over xxx lithia motors dealerships nationwide representing over xx manufacturers in xx states! being one of the largest dealership groups in america, there are many opportunities for you to pursue your short and long-term career goals. benefits:"
career advancement
career area
career development & advancement
career development and advancement
cash handling experience is required.
cash handling experience preferred
cash handling experience preferred (for cashier and above)
"cash handling follows all cash handling procedures, including fraud protection, and properly assigns and checks out drawers as required."
"cashier accountability (i.e., over/ shorts of till)"
cashier and counter server
cashier and customer service associate
cashier and restaurant experience a plus!
cashier and sale associates at quality thrift store
cashier and taking orders
cashier bilingual spanish /english needs to answer phone and take orders over phone charge at register help customers with product questions make invoices for customers ect
"cashier customer relations, run lotto machine, stock and clean shelves and store"
cashier duties
"cashier duties (managing money, excel proficiency, counting money at beginning and end of the day)"
cashier experience is needed
cashier experience preferred.
cashier experience preferred. customer service experience preferred.
"cashier experience, knowledge of cash register"
cashier for fuel customers
cashier ii:
cashier job duties and responsibilities:
cashier job requirements:
"cashier job: taking orders, serving ice cream and make our signature hong kong bubble waffle. assisting customers with purchases, sharing tea knowledge (we will train you), and making customers happy and leaving more than satisfied with their drinks and desserts. standard back-bar kitchen duties: cleaning equipment, mopping, taking out the trash, cleaning of the restroom."
cashier / cafe worker responsibilities:
cashier / cafe worker requirements:
"cashier - welcomes and greets customers and quickly and accurately checks them out, while maintaining a clean work environment."
cash register
cash handling policies and procedures
cash handling procedures
"cash handling, fuel transactions, and promoting the speedy rewards loyalty program"
"cash handling, fuel transactions, and promoting the speedy rewards loyalty program."
cash handling/register operation
cash out customers in a fast paced environment.
"cash out customers using computer software, payment processing terminal, cash-drawer etc."
"cash out customers, take orders, make salads, help with prep, some dishes."
cash register buttons chest height
"cashier - weigh food, ring up customers, cash and credit, pos knowledge"
cash register ringing & general cash handling
cash register/pos ringing and cash-handling
cash-handling skills
cashier (customer service representative) - retail sales
cashier (part & full time available)
cashier (part time with variable schedule that will include some nights and weekends)
cashier - binghamton university dining services
cashier - over night title: cashier/stock - shift xx:xxpm-x:xxam
check in customer’s firearms and fill out proper check in form.
check orders for accuracy and portion control.
"candidates should above all else have a great attitude and be reliable. we are looking for thoughtful, friendly, and energetic team players who thrive in a positive, professional, and high volume work environment. our ideal candidates know how to have fun while they are working and love making other people happy."
close out tickets in computer accurately
"close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus, with or without corrective lenses."
close-out and reset registers daily.
closed holidays
closes out repair orders
closing of store registers at end of day and reopening for new business day.
"co+opportunity is a full-service, community-owned market & deli specializing in locally made, natural and organic food and wellness products. ""the co-op"" has deep, xx-year-old roots in la county. in fact, we were integral in starting the santa monica farmer's market!"
"co+opportunity serves our diverse community and we know that great food means different things to many people. we love food and people who love food too. our stores offer a full selection of wholesome products that give our customers lots of choices about which products are good for the health of their families, the community and the world."
co-located agencies/centers may be required to share cashier level ii’s to perform cashier closeout functions.
"coach is a leading design house of modern luxury accessories and lifestyle collections, with a long-standing reputation built on quality craftsmanship. defined by a free-spirited, all-american attitude, the brand approaches design with a modern vision, reimagining luxury for today with an authenticity and innovation that is uniquely coach. all over the world, the coach name is synonymous with effortless new york style."
"coach is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and we pride ourselves on hiring and developing the best people. all employment decisions (including recruitment, hiring, promotion, compensation, transfer, training, discipline and termination) are based on the applicant’s or employee’s qualifications as they relate to the requirements of the position under consideration. these decisions are made without regard to age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic characteristics, race, color, creed, religion, ethnicity, national origin, alienage, citizenship, disability, marital status, military status, pregnancy, or any other legally-recognized protected basis prohibited by applicable law. visit coach at www.coach.com."
"cobble pond farms (sunoco) is looking for a full time floating cashier to work at our chatham, valatie, and east greenbush locations"
coco fresh tea & juice is one of the largest bubble tea chain stores from taiwan. we already have over xxxx stores over the world. we're looking for team members who are self motivated and eager to learn to join us. this is also a great opportunity for you to become one of our business partner because we only offer franchise for our employees.
"codes, shelf tags, short correspondence, and memos."
"cold call experience, a plus"
collaborate
collaborate with store management to organize marketing and promotional campaigns
"collaborates and cooperates with team: commits to and supports a collaborative working environment with peers and managers.x. drives for success: delivers excellent performance by proactively taking concrete actions that adhere to aldi policies and procedures, and persistently overcomes obstacles to improve results."
collaborates with fellow associates to foster teamwork.
collaborates with team members and communicates relevant information to direct leader.
close the kitchen properly and follow the closing checklist for kitchen stations. assist others in closing the kitchen.
climbing ladders – occasionally
"collect and processes payment from customer and enters into register system (includes applying coupons, providing change and receipts)"
climb up and down ladders
clearances: criminal justice fingerprint/background clearance
clearing and cleaning tables
clearly identify the essential qualification vs the desired qualifications.
"clears, sanitizes and sets tables as needed."
clerical experience
clerk ii - performs pharmacy packaging duties and/or ecommerce order fulfillment and shipping
clerk iii - performs pharmacy technician roles such as prescription entry and billing plus assists with delivery process management
click here to review our rewards & benefits information
click here to review our rewards & benefits information dick's sporting goods is an equal opportunity employer.
click here to review our rewards & benefits information interviews by appointment only.
"click on the ""apply now"" button on this page"
"click on the ""talent registration"" tab on the left hand column"
"click the apply now button, or visit your local pilot travel center or flying j travel plaza to apply! orgxxx compensation based on experience"
click the ny us open tennis concessions current openings job post to apply
"click the “apply” button to fill out an application. or, join us at one of our job fairs that will be held on the following dates and times at xxxx university way ne:"
client service
"climb (ladders) or balance, ascend/descend, work atop, traverse; occasionally ascends/descends a step ladder to reach product on top shelves."
climb and balance on ladders when stocking shelves.
climb ladders and lift xx lbs. overhead and repeatedly
"collaborative, positive team environment"
collect and record parking revenue(both cash and credit card sales)
check out customers pleasantly and accurately using established standards.
college a plus
college dining $xx cashier prep
college tuition assistance
colonie center
"colony cooks inc in los angeles, ca is looking for one cashier to join our x person strong team. we are located on xxxxx santa monica blvd. our ideal candidate is a self-starter, motivated, and engaged. responsibilities greet customers entering and leaving the business *maintain a clean and tidy work area *accurately process all cash and credit payments *provide exceptional customer service"
"colony cooks launched smart restaurant kitchens providing access to delicious, local cuisine through delivery, dine-in and catering. if you are excited to become part of a brand new food concept in west la, we are an active, young, fast-growing company offering exciting career opportunities both on the customer facing and managerial teams. we are looking forward to receiving your application. thank you. available shifts and compensation: we have available shifts all days of the week. compensation is $xx.xx - $xx.xx/hour. about colony cooks inc: colony cooks inc in los angeles, ca is looking for an individual to join our x person strong team. we are located on xxxxx santa monica blvd. our ideal candidate is a self-starter, motivated, and engaged. learn more about us at https://www.colonycooks.com/. by applying to this job, you agree to receive a text message with a link to your profile as well as a text message when an employer has responded to your application."
come be a part of fun energetic team with room for career advancement.
come be a part of something
come experience the mendo culture that has been brought to life by our loving passionate team members.
come join our customer award-winning team!
come join our team!
come join our team. you’re going to like it here!
"come make a difference with panera as a cashier today! this is an opportunity to provide unparalleled customer service to each of our guests, and to explore potential career paths with panera llc. part-time and full-time positions available."
comfort in a high-volume/fast-paced environment
comfort with cash-handling/ringing
comfortable and pleasant demeanor in very busy environments
comfortable handling cash and providing change * flexible schedule * customer service mindset * comfort working in kitchens an asset * previous experience in a similar role an asset * strong listening and communication skills * able to stand for long hours * must love louie's!
comfortable using a computer to check out loan vehicles in and out to customers
comfortable with technology willingness and ability to learn new technology?based procedures
comfortable working in fast-paced environment
"college contributes $xx,xxx toward annual premium for medical, dental, vision and life insurance coverage. lifetime retirement benefits provided for eligible retirees. the district participates in the public employees’ retirement system (pers), state teachers’ retirement system (strs) retirement programs, and metlife social security alternative plan. note salary and health & welfare benefits are subject to change.   basic function/overview:"
"collects tickets from customers and processes fee either by traveler’s checks, cash and/or credit."
collect cash and/or coupons and maintain security of cash.
"collects the total retail charges from the customer in cash, check or authorized charge account."
collect cash or check payments for prepaid lunch programs and record payments according to procedure
collect credit card payments from customers
collect money and make change.
collect money in the form of cash or checks from customers and tender accurate change in accordance with company policies and procedures.
"collect payment and issue receipts, refunds, credits, or change due to customers."
collect payments and bag purchases for customers
collect payments for parts and service tickets presented
collect payments whether in cash or credit
"collect payments whether in cash, debit, or credit."
collect the parking fees and provide correct change.
collecting and managing payments
collecting payment and providing change in a timely and courteous manner
collecting payment for both service and parts customers
collection of carts from parking lot and assisting customers with loading purchases in their vehicles
collects cash and/or validations and maintains security of cash.
"collects cash, checks or charge payments from guests and provides change and charge vouchers if appropriate"
collects payment from guest and makes change
"collects payments via cash, check, or other charge payments from members."
"collects shopping carts from inside the store and from the outer perimeter of the store, parking lot and any other areas where needed. keeps floral department free of hand baskets and shopping carts."
clear trays from floors according to established standards.
clear path for advancement- we promote from within!
clear customer checkout lines quickly and efficiently.
"chef daniel boulud and the dinex group offer working environments of the utmost professionalism where we always strive for excellence. we believe that motivated employees make for satisfied guests, which is why the dinex group is highly focused on developing our staff’s culinary, service and management skills. we pride ourselves on offering career advancement opportunities, and competitive compensation and benefits. as a reflection of the dinex group’s culture of excellence, ours is a working environment founded on respect, on cultivating opportunities for growth and supporting personal goals. we are proud of the significant number of employees who have remained with us over the long term."
"chicago, il xxxxx (required)"
"chicago, il xxxxx us"
chill staff
chinese (preferred)
chinese restaurant cashier answering the phone
"christmas tree shops is growing and so is our need for more talented associates. we offer a distinctive, fast paced, and dynamic retail environment where you can truly make a difference and have a very real opportunity to grow your career! if you are looking for a retail growth company that values both its people and its customers, has a winning track record, and an even brighter future, your search is over - you have discovered christmas tree shops!"
chuck e. cheese (cec) is a great place for a first-time job seeker or a place to build an exciting career. our cast members are empowered to provide the greatest service anywhere through cross-training in a variety of different positions. over xx% of our managers were promoted from within!
"chuck e. cheese now offers access to earned wages with our new “work today, get paid tomorrow” program. don’t wait between paychecks anymore!"
chuck olson chevrolet is looking for an experienced cashier (will train the right candidate)
"cicero, ny (preferred)"
cinemark has an exceptional opportunity in a unique full-service restaurant environment!
cinemark is an equal opportunity employer.
cinemark reserve theatres
cinemark ushers provide movie and theatre information while ensuring a quality listening and viewing experience for all guests.
"circulating the dining room exhibits soft skills such as social awareness and perception of non-verbal cues, reading the table, eye contact and verbal engagement."
"city: seattle, washington, united states"
"clark holdings inc .provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. this policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training."
clean and main the store during downtime as needed
clean and maintain dining room as needed.
"chef street food hall located in the iconic macy's herald square is looking for motivated, energetic cashiers. previous experience required. applicants with full time availability only. indqs"
cheerful and positive attitude
clear a background checkstanding/walking for long periods of time.
checks temperatures and records appropriately.
check out our menu here: https://www.tocayaorganica.com/menus/
check patrons i.d. cards and prevent the misuse of them.
check prices and be knowledgeable about the location of items in the store.
check products received against an invoice.
check refrigeration equipment for proper performance regularly; report any failure immediately as directed.
check stock daily to ensure that all products are adequately stocked and available for customers.
check us out at one of our locations:
"check us out on instagram, get to know @burgerlords"
"check us out on social media. join our team, apply now!"
"check with guests to establish satisfaction with product and overall experience, and providing management with feedback."
check with unit/food service manager to determine any menu specials for the day or any item price changes
checking inventory level of kitchen goods and supplies
checking product in as it is delivered from vendors
"checkout customer's merchandise through the pos registers. performs various customer service activities, to include greeting and acknowledging all customers in a prompt and friendly manner, handling merchandise with care."
checkout standards – completes checkout processes including returns and re-ticketing. assists with the signing and merchandising standards at all checkouts while stocking and merchandising impulse fixtures and replenishment. proactively calls for assistance when additional help is needed in checkout. utilizes point of sale on mobile warrior device to support line management.
checks food quality to ensure it is fresh and safe to serve
checks orders to ensure that guest is receiving a complete and correct order
checks out customer groceries efficiently and accurately.
checks products in sandwich unit area and restocks items to ensure a sufficient supply throughout the shift.
clean and maintain station in practicing good safety and sanitation
clean and neat.
clean and organize
clean and prepare the dining areas
cleaning and light up keeping
"cleaning and restocking work and dining areas, emptying trash, and sanitizing equipment and utensils."
"cleaning duties such as stocking, sanitizing, sweeping floors, washing dishes"
"cleaning tables, floors and other areas of the restaurant"
cleaning work areas and sterilizing containers
"cleaning, prepping and cooking"
cleanliness
cleanliness - proactive about cleanliness! keep the cafe clean and sanitary at all times
cleanliness:
cleans all equipment in the harvest café or cafeteria.
cleans and maintains all areas of the restaurant to promote a clean image. understands and adheres to the x-step method for cleaning.
cleans and maintains sanitation standards in all interior and exterior areas of store and parking lot as directed by store management.
"cleans and sanitizes workstations and equipment following all sodexo, client and regulatory rules and procedures."
"cleans and sanitizes workstations, counters, steam tables and other equipment."
"cleans and sanitizes workstations,counters, steam tables and other equipment."
"cleans and stocks front end areas, including own register – changing tapes and ribbon as necessary."
cleans up after customers; taking trash and wiping down the counter and other surfaces
"cleans work areas, equipment and utensils."
"cleans, sweeps, mops, stocks products, and helps ensure overall maintenance of the department."
cleaning according to health department regulation
"cleaning (windows, floors, bathrooms, emptying trash containers, etc.)"
"cleaning (tables, chairs, counters, other minor cleaning)."
clean driving record preferred
clean and reset tables including booths and the floor around them immediately after guest departs.
clean and reset tables within xx seconds of guest departure
"clean and sanitize all work surfaces, utensils, and equipment in accordance with department of sanitation and qa standards."
"clean and sanitize dishes, utensils, pots and pans, and other equipment"
clean and stock guest areas.
clean and stock the eating area and restrooms.
clean check stands and work area daily.
clean driving record
clean drug screen & motor vehicle background check required. basil family dealerships are eoe.
"cleaning (mopping, cleaning area, cleaning glass and cleaning lobby"
clean employee break area each day.
clean fuel or oil spills from parking area using absorbent materials.
"clean or sanitize work areas, utensils or equipment."
"clean tables/chairs, lift chairs, restock condiments, maintain cashier islands, etc."
clean up and set up for classes/camp/party together with art instructors during rush hours.
"clean, organized, and a good team player with the ability and willingness to learn"
"clean, sanitize and keep food areas stocked."
"clean, stock and straighten all merchandise in the front end of the store."
candidates should be:
candidates must possess the following skills:
balance cash register and prepare simple report.
be an ambassador for the dealership and the harley-davidson brand.
"be at least xx years of age and have a high school diploma or equivalent, and x-x years of recent cashiering experience."
be at least xx years of age.
be at least xx years of age. working conditions:
"be at work on time, in clean-pressed and fitted uniform per mcalister’s uniform policy."
be available to assist in other areas of the store as needed
be aware of and adhere to all loss prevention policies and advise store leadership of any unusual internal or external activity.
be aware of “xx” terminology and communicate items to servers.
"be dependable and reliable having the ability to work a flexible schedule that changes as the business changes; including nights, weekends and holidays."
be dependable and show up for scheduled shifts on time.
be detail oriented in maintaining displays  job requirements
be detail oriented in maintaining displays training
"be familiar with all fulfillment services, and know how to direct the guest to enroll, activate, and use them."
"be flexible to work evenings, weekends and holidays"
be friendly
"be friendly, courteous and respectful of fellow team members – have a positive attitude."
"be friendly, professional, courteous and efficient when working with all customers and employees"
be in full uniform at the proper workstation at the designated time.
"be informed about the ingredients in the menu, the benefits, cleanse info and make recommendations when appropriate"
be knowledgeable about animals and our products in order to provide outstanding neighborly service
be at least xx years of age
"be admirable…respectfulness, straightforwardness & accountability to our clients, customers and to each other. at impark, successful people are those individuals who believe, as we do, in these cultural values, and that people make the difference when it comes to customer service, innovation and unique parking experiences. join us here at impark to help us extend our unique brand of parking experiences to customers, clients and you!!!"
"be knowledgeable in and able to recognize or differentiate between all the various types of produce merchandise carried in the store including differences between varieties of similar classes of products (e.g., apples, lettuces, etc.)."
"be admirable… respectfulness, straightforwardness & accountability to our clients, customers and to each other."
be able to follow instructions for recipes and sanitation guidelines
be able to freely access all areas of the store
be able to lift up to xx lbs on occasion
be able to meet the physical demands such as transporting and moving store products and equipment weighing up to xx lbs. (including shoveling snow) when needed.
be able to pass a standard drug test and qualify as being drug free under the legal and medical guidelines permitted by the drug free workplace act of xxxx.
"be able to perform repetitious activities, and have the ability to multi-task, prioritize and stay organized."
"be able to position self to stock and front shelves and coolers, sweep and mop floors, dust shelves, move trash containers and place in an outside bin, clean the parking lot and grounds (including gas pumps) surrounding the location and have the means to clean windows around the store in accordance with company standards."
"be able to reach, bend, stoop and frequently lift up to xx pounds."
be able to react to a fire by using a fire extinguisher weighing xx pounds and transporting it to the fire area.
be able to tolerate moderate amounts of dust and chemical fumes from common household cleaning agents such as ammonia during routine housekeeping duties.
be able to use a pos system to ring up costumers
be able to work in a fast pace environment
be able to work in a standing position for extended periods of time.
be able to work in a standing position for long periods of time (up to x hours).
be able to work in all weather conditions.
be able to work independently with little or no supervision
"be able to work with fresh fruits, vegetables, house plants and flowers without negative allergic consequences that adversely impact performance."
be adaptable to change
be admirable: always conduct yourself in an honest and professional manner.
"be knowledgeable in and able to differentiate between various types of produce, meat, and where applicable, the deli/ fresh seafood departments, and related merchandise including seasonality, and price differences between varieties of similar classes of products"
be knowledgeable in the company's hazcom program and adhere to manufacturer's label instructions for the safe and proper use of all chemical products.
"below is a link to help you get a bit more familiar with our brand and ethos. ultimately, we are creating a community, with homes both tangible and cultural. our community will physically manifest itself in social, co-working, co-living spaces where our members have access to environments in which they can develop themselves both professionally and personally."
be self-motivated and able to accomplish tasks in a team environment
be team-oriented
be the island guide
"be well-versed in, and ensure compliance to, guide to thrift store & donation center operations manual and all other policies and procedure by all store personnel."
be willing to work holidays
be willing to work weekends
"because of our continuing growth and expansion, nexdine is always looking for talented and passionate team members!"
become an expert on the products that blazing bagels sells.
become familiar with and sharing total wine & more’s product portfolio
beer- bottle shop experience required.
behavioral skills needed
"being a crew member means exhibiting a friendly, enthusiastic attitude while performing job assignments, showing a caring attitude for customers and fellow employees, and maintaining the restaurant’s operational quality and cleanliness standards."
being a leader in driving store revenue by promoting a friendly enjoyable atmosphere
"being a lunatic is a must! because let’s face it, our culture cannot be duplicated…. join the luna grill family!"
being able to listen to others' points of view and recognizing and appreciating differences
"being friendly and professional, and engaging customers to help with project needs and answer questions."
being punctual
belgium waffle haus studio city location is looking for barista assistant & cashier
"belief in and behaviors reflective of century xx’s higher purpose and core values. all positions at century xx are created with the understanding that our higher purpose is to deliver value to live better. we achieve our mission on a daily basis by demonstrating our core values: respect, communicate, teamwork, honesty, grow, positivity, and amaze."
"bellevue, wa xxxxx"
be team player
be responsible for all register transactions and cash handling.
"be knowledgeable of all menu items, be able to make suggestions and answer questions"
"be reliable, accountable and presentable"
be knowledgeable of all promotions and advertisements to ensure that customer questions can be answered and to assist with selling product; support ollie’s army and other donation programs throughout the year.
be multi-tasking
be noticeably different
"be on time for your shift, in perfect uniform, and ready to wow our guests"
be our partners and enjoy these with us:
"be part of a fast moving, successful fuel service station/convenience store chain based locally in the chicagoland area."
be part of a world-class team; work with an adventurous spirit; think and act like an owner- operator!
be part of building one of the largest independent technology and business services firms in the world.
be part of ralph’s coffee opening team!
be passionate and a team player
be pleasant and alert to customer needs.
"be prepared to assist on the sales floor and other areas of the store, as business needs dictate"
be prepared to handle customer questions adequately and appropriately.
be prepared to temporarily fill in during absence of store manager/assistant manager.
be professional in all interactions with guests and team members.
"be prompt, reliable and responsible."
be readily able to give clear and concise directions to the store to calling customers.
be recognized and rewarded for outstanding performance.
be reliable
"be able to exhibit a cheerful and helpful attitude, and provide exceptional customer service"
be able to enter and work in a cooler at a temperature of xx degrees up to xx minutes at a time.
"be able to climb a ladder to retrieve inaccessible items for customers located above freezer cases or from stockrooms and other storage areas; be able to sweep and mop floors, dust and face shelves, and lift and carry out trash containers to be emptied in an outside bin."
bartending: x year (preferred)
based on seiu contract staff level
based on your experience ($xx - $xx per hour)
basic cashier/front end responsibilities
basic computer knowledge
basic computer literacy
basic computer proficiency
basic computer skills
basic computer skills and ability to effectively process transactions accurately.
basic computer skills are necessary
basic english communication skills
basic english language and professional communication skills are required.
basic food safety understanding and practice
basic food-handling skills
"basic function: to deliver quality customer service, receive payment from customers for parking services and facilitate the flow of traffic through the gate."
"basic function: utilizes a quality customer service orientation, receives payment from customers for parking services and facilitates the flow of traffic through the gate by performing the following duties. responsibilities"
"basic function: utilizes a quality customer service orientation, receives payment from customers for parking services and facilitates the flow of traffic through the gate by performing the following duties:"
basic internet navigation skills
basic japanese cuisine knowledge is preferred!
basic knowledge of environmental health and safety (ehs) compliance requirements including hazardous chemicals and hazardous waste management
"based in seattle university - xxxx e james way seattle, wa xxxxx"
"baristas will work to make espresso drinks,teas, coffee, serve pastries, and assist guests with their requests."
"be able to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, gross margins, percentages, ratios, and apply concepts of basic algebra in order to handle sales transactions, tender change, and verify vendor invoice charges and counts."
"baristas must be able to multi-task and work well under pressure in a team environment; the ability to engage in a friendly, positive, and confident manner is crucial ."
balance the drawer at the end of the shift.
balances daily sale and payment received from generated printout using a calculator.
balances funds and assets at end of work shift.
"balancing end-of-day paperwork, including cash, credit cards, and discount coupons with minimal errors, overages or shortages"
balancing high volume with high quality
balancing the cash register and generating reports for credit and debit sales.
"bargaining unit: united classified workers of washington, issaquah chapter"
barista - handling our la marzocco espresso machine to make speciality lattes
"barista - provide customers with quality beverages and products cashier - assist customers during the check-out process, perform all cash register functions and bags groceries - check out customer groceries efficiently and accurately - clean and stock various areas, including register prep cook - prepare ready-to-eat and fresh food items, and stock them appropriately - maintain proper sanitation"
barista : x year (preferred)
barista experience a plus but not required
barista or bartending: x years (required)
barista requirements:
barista responsibilities:
barista | cashier server
barista: x year (preferred)
barista: x year (required)
barista: x years (required)
baristas / barbacks
"basic knowledge of kitchen equipment and procedures, safety and sanitation regulations, and knowledge of food and food production"
basic knowledge of math
basic knowledge of menu.
basic knowledge of start-up and close-down of cash registers is preferred.
basic typing and computer knowledge needed.
basic understanding of computer systems.
basic understanding of pos functionality.
basic understanding of pos functionality. this position is covered by a collective bargaining agreement between evergreenhealth and the service employees international union (seiu) healthcare xxxxnw. union membershp is optional. location: evergreen healthcare · food and nutrition services
basil resale in north buffalo is hiring a cashier/billing associate for a part-time opportunity!
bass pro shops
bassett certification preferred
"bayside, ny xxxxx (preferred)"
"bayside, queens, ny (preferred)"
be a part of a culture of dreaming big through goal setting.
"be a part of one of the largest volume chick-fil-a restaurants in the nation. at chick-fil-a xxnd and madison, we seek to elevate the restaurant experience. it takes extraordinary individuals who are prepared to push boundaries, break away from old paradigms, and chart a course into unprecedented territory with excellence. we’re seeking bold, ambitious, and passionate people who will explore every part of their work and themselves to reach their fullest potential and discover new ways to elevate themselves to live and lead at a higher level."
be a source for answers as customers ask for directions or need to locate something in the store
"be a team player, but also self-sufficient"
"be a team player, goal-oriented"
be a trailblazer: driver innovative ways to achieve growth.
"be a trailblazer… be bold, open-minded & entrepreneurial towards new ideas and challenges that we face in our day to day business operations."
"be able to accurately complete required reports including daily sales reports, inventory counts, receiving logs, and cash accountability or cash reconciliation and audit forms."
be able to adapt to changing customer volume levels with a sense of urgency
"be able to answer all questions about go! go! curry!’s menu, including"
"basic reading, writing, and math skills"
"basic reading, arithmetic, and writing and oral communication skills"
basic qualifications include:
"basic math skills (add, subtract, multiply, divide)."
basic knowledge of the functions of cash registers
basic math and ability to operate the cash register required.
basic math and cash-handling skills
basic math and computer skills.
basic math and counting skills required
"basic math functions such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division."
basic math skill
"basic math skills (addition, subtraction, multiplication, division) for cash handling purposes."
basic qualifications
"basic math skills including the ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide"
"basic math skills including the ability to calculate numbers, correct entries, count, and reconcile cash drawers/banks, and post to records."
basic math skills preferred.
basic mathematical skills
basic mathematics (inventory counting)
basic pc knowledge
"basic pc knowledge and familiarity with electronic equipment (e.g. cash register, scanners, money counters, etc)"
basic pc/outlook skills preferred. required qualifications:
below are the responsibilities for the cashier:
bend and stoop.
candidates must have the following:
"builds relationships – develops positive relationships: establishes strong networks, shows respect for different styles, and communicates effectively to a wide audience."
built burger
"burbank grocery outlet is currently hiring for all positions. trashing, stocking, and cashier positions are available. previous experience for desired position is required along with open availability. please attach a cover letter detailing which position you are applying for as well as your availability. as well as the cover letter, attach a resume listing all previous experience relevant to the position you are interested in."
burdick toyota has a full-time position available in our business office. candidates must have a professional appearance and a customer-focused approach. hours are xxam to xpm with alternating saturdays.
burger lounge is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and participates in e-verify
"burgerlords is a hamburger business reimagining the nostalgia of fast food for the modern day diet. inspired by the legacy of los angeles fast food, we are paying homage to the tradition of eating out for a new generation of diners. through top notch hospitality in a comforting environment, burgerlords aspires to be the go to restaurant for any and every occasion. to create this environment we are looking for line cook(s) and cashier(s) to join the team in chinatown and highland park."
business casual dress code
"busing, cleaning, and resetting tables"
bussers / runners
"busy brooklyn automotive dealership looking for technicians with at least x years of on the job working experience, must have your own tools, salary depends on experience."
"busy deli looking for upbeat, friendly reliable team members."
"busy environment, needs to be friendly fast, good under pressure. welcoming and show initiative. confident"
busy gourmet eatery looking for a cashier and coffee maker. will also answer phones. looking for someone energetic with great people skills with some barista/cashier experience. p/t and f/t available.
"busy upper west side pharmacy is expanding and needs to expand our team. we are looking for cashiers with an interest in pharmacy to become a part of our team. looking for someone with minimal experience as a technician, but able to learn and progress to become one as time progresses."
"but not limited to, title xx cash transactions, suspicious activity reporting and customer"
"buybuybaby is seeking passionate, energized, customer service focused people who thrive on a fast pace, enjoy working in a team environment, and take pride in making every customer experience remarkable. buybuybaby offers: flexible hours that work around your busy life, employee discounts across all bed bath and beyond brands, and a comprehensive training program that is a recipe for your success!as a cashier you will work in a in a high paced environment and you must maintain a calm, professional demeanor while performing your duties in an accurate manner. the cashier is expected to deliver exceptional customer service and meet sales and productivity goals. key responsibilities:"
"by applying, you agree to our nordstrom careers privacy policy"
"by joining our team, you’ll discover endless opportunities to explore, learn and realize your greatest potential in some of the most exciting hospitality environments around. and because our people drive our experiences, we offer some of the best compensation and benefits in the industry. we transform airport experiences. you drive it. role:"
ca food handler card
"cabo fresh is always looking for great people to join our team and grow with us. related experience is great, but what we're especially interested in is friendliness and your enthusiasm !"
builds the sunglass hut brand by consistently executing the brand standards.
"builds athlete loyalty through in-store experience, through the use of athlete data capture (where applicable), endless aisle and the understanding of connected fitness applications."
calculate bill using computer system
builds and develops expertise in delivery of the sunglass hut experience.
brewing gourmet coffee and other specialty beverages.
brews coffee and tea.
brews coffee and tea. may be required to restock other beverage areas.
brews coffee and tea. may be required torestock other beverage areas.
"brewster, ny (required)"
bring copy of resume !!!
bring the panera guest experience to homes and offices by providing outstanding customer service
bringing out dishes to guest.
"brooklyn wing house in cambria heights , ny is looking for one cashier to join our strong team. our ideal candidate is self-driven, motivated, and hard-working. responsibilities greet customers entering and leaving the business *maintain a clean and tidy work area *accurately process all cash and credit payments *provide exceptional customer service"
"brooklyn, ny (preferred)"
"brooklyn, ny (required)"
"brooklyn, ny xxxxx (required)"
buffalo wild wings is looking for cashiers and hospitality to join our team. great opportunities and a fun environment await you.
build displays of merchandise and complete new plan-o-grams.
build important relationships and connections with customers and respond to their needs.
build the perfect oasis – emphasize brand direction and seek opportunities to informing guest of current marketing programs and upcoming events
build trustful relationships with customers to encourage return visits.
build your career with us.
building of long-lasting friendships/relationships.
cafe cashier / customer service
calculate money owed by clients based on their length of parking time
"bending, stooping, reaching, pushing, pulling and moving items."
can cross-train and work multiple stations
can follow directions well and speaks up about challenges
can help eliminate shortages and follow company guidelines
can lift xx lbs.
can speak fluid english and perform excellent customer service
"can stock, clean and help perform regular maintenance duties"
can suggestive sell and help customers with on-site issues
"can you work night shifts from xpm to x:xxpm in manhattan, ny?"
candidate must be willing to work holidays and weekends.
candidate must have flexible availability.
candidate will assist with the store’s merchandising
candidate will be responsible for complete operations at the store along with assigned tasks and duties.
"candidate will handle cash register operations, customer service and stock replenishment."
candidates must be able to do the following or be trained for:
"candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule (which may include nights, weekends & holidays)."
"candidates must be able to work a flexible schedule; including nights, weekends and holidays as required."
"candidates must be at least xx years of age and must have at least one year of restaurant experience, an outgoing personality, a strong work ethic, and availability during afternoons and evenings. for those who perform well and demonstrate a desire to take on additional responsibility, this opportunity could lead to a pay raise and promotion to assistant manager."
"candidates must have a positive attitude and smile as well as work as a “team” member to ensure high quality customer service, cleanliness and value to each customer."
"candidates must have at least x year of retail sales or customer service experience, and be reliable, professional, personable, and flexible with scheduling."
candidates must have the following qualifications to be considered:
can follow directions and achieve goals.
campus dining services
calculate the customer’s bill using dealership’s computer system
calm and able to always talk politely to all customers at all times
calculate the customer’s bill using the dealership’s computer system
"calculates, posts business transactions, processes invoices, verifies financial data for use in maintaining accounts payable records, and provides other clerical support necessary to pay the obligations of the organization."
calexico indqs
"calexico park slope is looking for cashiers and hosts to join our team during the busy winter season. you must be hard working, able to multi task and love to smile. aloha pos and grubhub/seamless experience is preferred but not mandatory. nights and weekends are a must for availability. only serious candidates please apply. looking forward to meeting you!"
calificaciones experiencia laboral comprobada como cajero o en servicio al cliente *habilidades matemáticas básicas *gran atención al detalle. *capacidad para escuchar y comunicarse efectivamente
"california chicken cafe strives to serve exceptional quality meals and experiences. this starts from our staff members. we want our staff members to deliver the same happiness they're feeling not because they're at work, but because they feel at home."
call all guests before delivery of order.
call down customer vehicle when finished
call for carryout if the customer would like help loading heavy merchandise into their vehicle.
call for cart pickups when necessary.
call in order coordinator
call juan general manager xxx xxx xxxx
call to schedule immediate interview xxx.xxx.xxxx !!
call xxx-xxx-xxxx and ask to speak to wendy for a follow up on your application if you have not yet received a call for an interview.
call xxx-xxx-xxxx for a phone interview ..
call xxx-xxx-xxxx or stop in for application
call xxx.xxx.xxxx monday through friday between the hours of xx a.m. and x p.m. only
"calling all ""marketing/sales"" college students!!"
brewing coffee & tea and espresso drinks
brew barista coffee along with flavor of the day coffee.
"breakfast & lunch, x days. job details:"
between hours of x:xx am and x pm $xx per hour requirements:
"between the hours of xam- xpm $xx.xx per hour, higher than minimum wage. requirements:"
"between the hours of xpm-midnight, $xx.xx per hour, xx years and older. it's time you worked for someone who will give you the tools to learn, grow and be what you want to be - both personally and professionally. we're looking for hard working, enthusiastic individuals who want to be a part of a winning team. if you enjoy working with people and love to learn new things, we want to meet you. as a crew person, you may be responsible for:"
"beverage preparation brews iced tea and lemonade, prepares milkshakes and floats, and pours beer and wine (if over the age of xx)."
bi weekly or twice monthly
"big chicken is excited to bring their first southern california location to the americana at brand in glendale, california! before we can open the doors to california’s first big chicken, we need to find the hardest working and most talented people to join our team! please submit resumes with cover sheet of job interests, we will be hiring for cashiers, cooks, and supervisors."
bilingual (english and spanish)
bilingual a plus
"bilingual english/ spanish cashier or pharmacy tech require , customer service , medication counting , and daily activity included in pharmacy requirement"
bilingual in english/spanish beneficial
bilingual is a plus
"bilingual is a plus (chinese, spanish)"
bilingual. (english and spanish)
"bimbo bakeries usa is an equal opportunity employer with a policy that provides equal employment opportunity for applicants and employees regardless of race, color, religion, disability, gender, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, or any other classification protected by law. this policy applies to all aspects of employment, including recruitment, hiring, promotion, compensation, reassignment, layoff, discharge, education, training and all other working conditions. to further the principle of equal employment opportunity, bimbo bakeries usa has developed affirmative action plans for minorities and women, qualified individuals with disabilities, and vietnam-era and special disabled veterans and other protected veterans."
"bimbo bakeries usa is an equal opportunity employer with a policy that provides equal employment opportunity for applicants and employees regardless of race, color, religion, disability, gender, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, or any other classification protected by law. this policy applies to all aspects of employment, including recruitment, hiring, promotion, compensation, reassignment, layoff, discharge, education, training and all other working conditions. to further the principle of equal employment opportunity, bimbo bakeries usa has developed affirmative action plans for minorities and women, qualified individuals with disabilities, and vietnam-era and special disabled veterans and other protected veterans. position requirements:"
"bimbo bakeries usa is part of grupo bimbo, the world’s largest baking company with operations in xx countries. bimbo bakeries usa (“bbusa”) includes bbusa and its subsidiaries and affiliated entities, including, but not limited to, wholesome harvest baking, east balt, and acelerada. bbusa employs xx,xxx associates across the u.s. in bakeries, sales centers, corporate offices and on sales routes to ensure our consumers have the freshest products to feed their families at every meal. but our associates come to work for much more – the chance to feed their own lives through exciting work that offers the opportunity to make a real difference in their professional and personal lives every day."
binghamton university dining
"binghamton, ny xxxxx"
"bj's wholesale club is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for all qualified team members and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, ancestry, national origin, physical and/or mental disability, genetic information, atypical cellular or blood trait, marital and/or familial status, pregnancy, gender identity and expression, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law."
"blue ribbon fried chicken is looking for energetic, outgoing people to join our crew. we have a busy fast casual restaurant that focuses on great customer service. cashiers and counter staff constantly interact with our guests to provide a positive, memorable experience."
between the hours of x pm until x am. $xx.xx per hour. must be xx years old or older requirements:
"best fish taco in ensenada in los angeles, ca is looking for one cashier/server to join our xx person strong team. we are located on xxxx n. hillhurst ave. our ideal candidate is a self-starter, ambitious, and hard-working. responsibilities greet customers entering and leaving the business *maintain a clean and tidy work area *responsibilities do vary, it's a little bit of everything: from dropping fish and shrimp into fryer, assembling tacos, and oooh yes even washing some dishes and pots every now and then *accurately process all cash and credit payments *provide exceptional customer service"
"bread and spread in brooklyn, ny is looking for one cashier to join our xx person strong team. we are located on xxx front st.. our ideal candidate is self-driven, motivated, and engaged. responsibilities greet customers entering and leaving the business *maintain a clean and tidy work area *accurately process all cash and credit payments *provide exceptional customer service"
bento moderno is looking for strong candidates to fill several positions currently available within our asian fusion restaurant in santa monica.
bending/stooping/kneeling required – frequently
bending: some bending is involved when stocking shelves or handling sanitation duties.
benefits & other information:
benefits & perks
benefits and others
benefits and perks
"benefits at xx hours – including paid time off & health coverage (medical, dental, vision)"
benefits available for part-time eligible employees working at least xx hours or more per week. employee discount available.
benefits available to all employees.
benefits eligible: non-benefit based caltech is a world-renowned science and engineering institute that marshals some of the world's brightest minds and most innovative tools to address fundamental scientific questions. we thrive on finding and cultivating talented people who are passionate about what they do. join us and be a part of the diverse caltech community. job summary
benefits include
benefits include:
"benefits offered at xx hours (medical, dental, vision) and start at xx days"
benefits offered:
"benefits package for all eligible full-time employees (including medical, vision and dental)."
"benefits: dental and vision plans, tuition assistance for our employees and their families, paid time off, flexible spending accounts, x:x retirement plan contributions, child care centers and up to $xx,xxx housing subsidy. and because we are a qualifying public service organization, you may qualify for public service loan forgiveness (pslf) for educational loans. don’t believe us? visit benefits.usc.edu."
benefits: flexible schedule
benefits: xxx% company paid medical/dental plan and annuity program.
benefits: xxxk plan with strong employer match.
blue rose cheesecake & bake shop is looking for qualified candidates to fill the position of customer service/retail representative.
"blue rose cheesecake and bake shop is a brand new bakery in schenectady. inspired after xx years of baking in the restaurant business, blue rose was created by the owners of blue ribbon restaurant, home of the award winning cheesecake."
blue windham mountain resort polo required (issued); and black wm vest zipped (issued). a white shirt can be the under layer but may not hang beneath.
blue windham mountain resort polo required (issued); and black wmr vest zipped (issued). a white shirt can be the under layer but may not hang beneath.
brand: burger lounge
brand: cinemark
brand: city barbeque
brand: dunkin donuts
brand: el super markets
brand: garden catering
brand: goodwill
brand: ivar's sports & entertainment
brand: liberty travel plaza
brand: luna grill
brand: maplefields
brand: mcalister's deli
brand: parkhurst dining
brand: restaurant depot
brand: steak n shake
brand: wendy's
brand: white house black market
"brand: yoshinoya america, inc."
brand: zankou chicken
brand: boston market
brand st. regis hotels & resorts
brand presentation/zegna standards:
bottle values wine and spirits
"bmw seattle do you love helping people? have cash handling experience? if you have the drive to set your career in motion, look no further. get your career in gear today! we are one of over xxx lithia motors dealerships nationwide representing over xx manufacturers in xx states! being one of the largest dealership groups in america, there are many opportunities for you to pursue your short and long-term career goals. schedule:"
"bodega has partnered with sightglass coffee to provide a unique, communal experience. located on the edge of downtown santa monica, we are becoming a top coffee destination on the west side."
bohemialosangeles.com
bombaii cutters in downtown kirkland has a opening for front desk./receptionist.
bon appetit
bonus program
"bottle values opened under new ownership in june, xxxx. as one of the largest wine and liquor retailers on long island, we have plenty of space to stack it high and watch it fly. customers appreciate the outstanding customer service, bright clean and fun shopping experience and our trained and educated sales staff, in addition to of course, our fabulous prices. buying the largest quantity, at the lowest price and selling with low markups has made our customers very happy."
"bowlology is the place to get açaí bowls, smoothies & juice! we’re looking for people who:"
brand new dairy queen opening and looking to fill all positions!
box guests pastries as needed
box office attendants sell tickets while providing movie and event information. they enforce film studio and theatre admission policies. this individual will clean and maintain the box office area. they are responsible for security of cash and tickets.
box office/cashier
box offices are often small and enclosed spaces in which a cashier is required to stand or sit for an extended period of time.
bragging rights for working at the most forward thinking retail space/pharmacy in the country sound like a fit? send us your info!
brand ambassador
brand ambassador/cashier
brand edition hotels
adhere to organizational and safety standards.
adhere to opening and closing procedures.
adhere to food safety guidelines
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-ability to learn new things quickly
-ability to lift a minimum of xx pounds.
-ability to pay close attention to detail
-ability to perform duties for entire shift in a fast paced environment
-ability to take critique as you grow
-accept payments
-adhere to all company policies
"-and many, many more locations"
-answer phone calls
-answer phone calls and take appointments for details
-answering and making phone calls
-answering calls to take food orders
-barista or retail sales experience
-base pay + generous tip pool
-basic customer service
-brewing coffee and espresso drinks
"-can provide references that speak to great customer service, integrity and responsibility"
-cash customers out
-cashier must have experience with money handling and be accurate
-a+ customer service is very important
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-check expiration on shelve items
---- are you bilingual? (preferred)
- understand the guest’s needs to make suggestions
- upsell product and loyalty memberships
- utilize the pos and credit card system
- washington food workers card
- we need someone stable and looking for a long term job (not just seasonal or temporary
- we need someone stable and looking for a long term job (not just seasonal or temporary available) but temporary season also available.
"- we need someone to work both day and night shifts, weekday and weekend availability required. hourly pay plus tips."
- work and thrive in a team work environment
- work at multiple locations;
- work effectively with the team
- work holidays;
"- work requires: bending, twisting, squatting, reaching and hand use"
- working in a team environmnet
- working the register
- works cleanly with knowledge of safe food handling .
- works cleanly with knowledge of safe food handling.
- x months - x year of cashier /cash handling experience
- x-x year of food handling experience
- xx+ years of age
-check and respond to customer emails
"-checking temperatures of freezers, refrigerators, or heating equipment to ensure proper functioning."
"-keep shop inviting and clean: inside and out, front and back"
"-flexible availability, must be available nights and weekends!"
"-follow health, safety, and sanitation guidelines with care"
-free tickets to the hollywood wax museum & guinness world records museum for your family & friends
-free uniform shirts & jackets
-fun company-sponsored team events including holiday party & theme park trips
-general cleaning of the front of house area
-good analytical skills
-good communication skills
-good customer service skills
-good time and task management skills
-great customer service
-guaranteed xx-xx hours per week
-handle food and hot and cold beverages.
-handling bagged medication / rx retrieval for customer
-have a positive attitude and willingness to learn as well as a great work ethic
-hourly wage + generous daily bonuses based on sales performance
-hours of operation are monday-sunday from xxam-xxpm -full training provided
"-hustle to keep shop looking ‘clean & ready’ at all times (clean bar, clean"
-keep calm and barista on when it gets busy
-fluent in english (spanish is a plus)
-fix and arrange shelves
-clean dining area
-filing and paperwork
"-cleaning or sanitizing work areas, utensils, or equipment."
-cleaning service or seating areas.
-clear communication with team and customers
"-closing and opening duties, depending on your shift."
-company pays xxx% of employee's health insurance
-complete tasks alone or as a team
-computer proficiency
-consistency
"-continually stock coffee, paper goods, pastries, retail coffee & chocolate as it’s purchased"
-cooperating with the team and managers
-creating signs to advertise store products or events.
-creating store displays and promotions
-customer service experience
-deliver great service
-describing menu items to customers or suggesting products that might appeal to them.
-downtown la
-dress fashionable
"-educating customers on our coffee, pastries, and haven's narrative"
-enjoys working in team based environments and gets along easily with others.
- time management went service gets busy
- taking orders by phone and in person
- taking customers orders
- keep the store clean and know common decency.
- know your schedule one week before
- knowledge of basic computer skills
- maintain cleanliness throughout the day and at closing time.
- maintain the kiosk’s cleanliness and order
- maintaining clean and restock your station and pizza boxes
- make coffee drinks and beverages following recipes
"- merchandising: knowledge of visual standards and techniques, and ability to implement and maintain with ann inc.'s guidelines"
"- merchandising: knowledge of visual standards and techniques, and ability to implement and maintain with ann inc.’s guidelines"
- minimum high school diploma/ged or some college
- move quickly & efficiently
- must be able to lift xx pounds
- must be able to pass security background check
"- must be able to work independently and as a team, follow instructions and fast learner"
- must be at least xx years old to learn how to roll/bake pretzels (payrate increase opportunity)
- must be flexible regarding schedule
- must be over xx years old to learn how to roll/bake pretzels (payrate increase opportunity)
- must have a friendly personality
- must have good work ethics and a friendly demeanor
- must have open availability
- keeping store front clean and organized
- keep food safe and at temperature following proper sanitation standards
- taking customer payments
- inspect food for proper presentation and quality control
- good attitude/customer service and willingness to learn and accept feedback
- good basic math skills
- good communication skills
- good computer skills
- good with working in a time crunch or under pressure with a lot of customers
- great customer service
"- great people skills, friendly, reliable, patient"
- great time management and able to prioritize
- great work ethic and a team player.
- greet each customer
- greeting customers in a courteous manner
- growing business with opportunity to move up
- handling money and making change
- have a wa food handlers permit or ability to get on once hired
- health and dental insurance plan available
- helping cooks in kitchen with small tasks and heavy lifting
- high school diploma or equivalent business experience
- hiring for part time or full time
- initiative takers who will find work to do even on down times
- must keep work area clean and sanitized
- must maintain portions and monitor food levels
- must speak basic working english and russian
- must upsell when on cashier (will be trained to sell products to customers while making
"- prior food service industry experience is preferred, but all candidates enthusiastic about this opportunity are welcome to apply"
- prior tea and coffee experience not required
- provide excellent customer service that follows paris baguette’s high standards of excellence
- provides excellent client service by anticipating the client’s needs
- provides excellent customer service by anticipating client's needs
"- punctual, be on time (reliable transportation)"
- reliable transportation
- represent the brand by maintaining a personal and warm attitude with costumers and staff
- resume/references strongly encouraged
- schedule: remains flexible in scheduling that meets the needs of the business
"- shifts include evenings, weekends, weekdays, mornings"
- standing/walking x-x hours in an x-hour work day
- starting at $xx.xx/hr (plus tips)
- store hours are: xam-xpm monday-saturday; xam-xpm sunday
- strong communication and interpersonal skills
"- strong interpersonal skills characterized by ability to listen carefully, respond appropriately to others and be persuasive"
"- strong multi-tasking, customer service and interpersonal skills"
- switchboard experience a plus
- taking customer orders in a timely and professional fashion
- previous food handling experience
- previous bookkeeping experience helpful
- previous bank teller experience a plus
- outstanding customer service relations skills
- no weekends or evenings.
- occasional dishwashing
- offer great customer experience while taking orders at the cash register.
- open availability during store hours preferred
- operate cash register and handle all cash transactions
- operated cash registers to take payments from customers
- operating cash registers
- other various office duties as assigned
"- paid holidays, medical & dental insurance, xxxk, paid vacation, and profit sharing after introduction period. (full-time status only)"
- prepare sauces using recipes
- paid sick time
- people who would like to work in a mom & pop cafe
- physical: ability to life and carry up to xx lbs occasionally
- physical: ability to lift and carry up to xx pounds occasionally. maneuver effectively around sales floor and stockroom
- please confirm if the commute will work for you before applying
- positive and professional appearance and attitude
- prefer prior retail experience
"- prefer to have x+ years of food service experience, knowing a foreign language is a plus."
-keep inventory updated
-keep upfront organized & clean
"- follow food handling health, safety and sanitation regulations and guidelines."
a commitment to high-quality customer service and be able to handle the high-pressure environment.
a company that is always looking to move forward and be successful
"a comprehensive benefits package with company training, paid holidays & vacation, medical & dental, and xxx(k) savings plan"
"a critical part of any food service operation is cleanliness, and this position is heavily involved in providing cleaning support at all levels throughout both cafeterias. in addition, this individual must know how, or be able to quickly learn, to use and batch out a cash register the individual selected for this job can be successfully taught responsibilities with no previous experience, but must understand that punctuality and dependability are critical, as s&c’s food service operations are only open during very specific times and our production team members count on food service to be open and ready for business during those times. the standard hours for this position are x:xx a.m. – x:xx p.m., monday-friday. there are several days each month where you may be asked to work additional hours, or come in a bit earlier, but weekend hours are not required."
"a culture that promotes a healthy, fulfilling work/life balance"
a day in the life as a dewitt cashier/stocker
a day in the life as a substitute dewitt cashier/stocker
a day in the life of a box office / cashier:
a day in the life…
a desire to exceed guest expectations
a family culture and atmosphere
a few more important points...
"a food handler's certificate may be required for food service employees who prepare, store or serve food at restaurants, coffee bars or any other food service establishment prior to starting employment in a food operation at macy’s."
a four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a state's department of education or a recognized accrediting organization and one year of satisfactory clerical experience.
a fresh approach to work.
a fun and exciting team oriented environment
a fun environment!
"a global tribe of individuals, partners and progressives, devoted to creating extraordinary experiences for our community throughout our proprietary brands - we are sbe."
"a good fit for applicants with gaps in their resume, or who have been out of the workforce for the past x months or more"
a good job for someone just entering the workforce or returning to the workforce with limited experience and education
"a committee will evaluate applications, taking into account breadth and depth of relevant education, training, experience, skills, knowledge, and abilities. the screening committee reserves the right to limit the number of interviews granted. meeting the minimum qualifications for a position does not assure the applicant of an interview. interviews may include a writing sample, committee presentation, and/or performance test. the start date will be following board approval and receipt of live scan clearance.   special instructions to applicants:"
a commitment to high-quality customer service
a grand career is awaiting you
a combination of education and experience providing equivalent knowledge. job qualifications:
/skills/aptitude:/
/skills/aptitude:/*
/working conditions (may add additional conditions specific to defined work location):/
: incumbent required attendance of sanitation training course to obtain a valid health card.
"> operates point of sale system, assists the chef, prepares coffee, and keeps the coffee and cashier stations clean. + full-time benefits include: medical, dental, vision and flexible spending accounts. in addition, you'll receive commuter benefits, wellness program, employee assistance, life insurance for associates and eligible dependents, short and long term disability, ad&d insurance, discount marketplace and more! company introduction:"
"> performs cashiering duties, including general food service work. maintains sanitation standards in the preparation, service and dining room facilities. + full-time benefits include: medical, dental, vision and flexible spending accounts. in addition, you'll receive commuter benefits, wellness program, employee assistance, life insurance for associates and eligible dependents, short and long term disability, ad&d insurance, discount marketplace and more! company introduction:"
"> performs cashiering duties, including making cash transactions, verifying cash drawer, giving change, counting cash receipts and completing cash reports. may also perform general food service work. maintains sanitation standards in the preparation, service and dining room facilities. + full-time benefits include: medical, dental, vision and flexible spending accounts. in addition, you'll receive commuter benefits, wellness program, employee assistance, life insurance for associates and eligible dependents, short and long term disability, ad&d insurance, discount marketplace and more! company introduction:"
[a locally owned and operated by the myers group family of stores] general summary
"[please note: all bussers, cashiers, greeters, food runners, and setters will be hired with the ""front of house support staff"" job title and will be responsible for all duties related to these support positions. all servers and bartenders will start as ""front of house support staff"" and will be promoted based on performance.]"
"a background in guest services, as well as some cash handling experience are desirable but not as important as a down-to-earth, can-do attitude, and a good presentation. we’ll train you to shine!"
"a ball of energy with a knack for handling money and swiping credit cards, ready to be the face of our bakery counter"
a box office / cashier will create a welcome environment for customers. they will sells tickets to movies and special events while providing movie and event information. they will enforce film studio and theatre admission policies. this individual will clean and maintain the box office area. they are responsible for security of cash and tickets.
a calm head in a busy retail environment
"a career with the u.s. government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. as a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. learn more about federal benefits."
"a cashier handles payment and ensures accurate accounting of all transactions, collections and disbursements. directly reports to the market manager, market assistant managers and lead cashiers."
"a cashier is the last point of sale so the cashier should be able to leave a lasting impression on the customer to want to come back. a cashier is responsible for maintaining outstanding customer service as per company standards, processing sales quickly, accurately and efficiently, cash register operations and safeguarding company assets."
"a cashier/customer service associate is responsible for maintaining outstanding customer service as per company standards, processing sales quickly, accurately and efficiently, cash register operations and safeguarding company assets."
"a causal boutique like salon with heavy foot traffic, must speak fluent english."
a certain degree of creativity and latitude is required.
"a government agency seeks friendly, organized and detail-orientated seasonal/temporary cashiers that will be responsible for processing payments, responding to customer inquiries, using a cash register, and addressing customer concerns. the cashier will be required to perform all tasks in a safe manner consistent with office policies and all applicable state and federal laws."
a great attitude and smile
-long beach
a non-exempt position and typically reports to the store manager.
a passion for customer service
a passion for food and quality service
a passion for hospitality and guest service
a person who considers themselves to be a team player
a polished and stylish presence
"a polite, engaging personality."
a positive attitude
a positive person who embodies a “can do” attitude
a positiveattitude and ability work well under pressure with all restaurant staff.
a prestigious automotive dealership infiniti of lynbrook is looking to add full time receptionist/cashier to their fast paced growing team!!
"a previous steady and professional work history, with relevant experience and longevity in previous commitments."
a professional appearance
a recreational facility.
a rewarding place to work that gives back to all
a robust employee recognition program with an annual awards dinner
a sales associate is responsible for dealing with any and all customer questions about the products located in the store. knowing where to locate the items is very important.the sales associate is expected to keep them selves up to date on all products offered in the store. dealing with angry customers is also a very important task of the job. knowing how to turn a frustrated customer to a happy customer is very important.
"a self-starter with good multi-tasking skills; highly organized, able to work with minimal supervision"
a sense of urgency
a small café located in an office building on san vicente blvd. we serve everything from curry to hamburgers to wraps and sandwiches.
"a passion for coffee, and a love for making sure the customer is always first! : )"
"a nation-wide company, is looking for motivated individuals to work throughout downtown syracuse."
"a great career starts with the best ingredients. were on a mission to make things better and were not just talking about our grass-fed burgers. were also here to put loungers in the best place for them to succeed. after all, to turn our food into an experience, we dont just need people we need personalities. we celebrate the uniqueness of our employees, recognize true talent and reward a job well done. join us today and see why the grass is greener at burger lounge."
a minimum of x-x previous retail experience is preferred.
a great personality and strong work ethic we want to speak to you!!!
a great work pace
a growth oriented environment with extensive paid training
"a halal guys cashier accurately and efficiently completes all sales transactions by itemizing and totaling customer's purchases, maintains proper cash levels, adheres to all company financial policies such as accurate pricing, credit card signing and loss prevention while ensuring that each guest receives outstanding hospitality in a friendly environment by constantly smiling, providing a quick acknowledgment and a warm genuine greeting, with solid menu knowledge and a sincere, gracious “thank you” at the completion of the interaction. professionalism and expectations: xxx% accuracy and excellence xxx% of the time at xxx% volume of business"
"a high level of resourcefulness and initiative, be a results oriented individual"
a high school diploma
a high school diploma or equivalent is required
a high school diploma or general education degree
a high school diploma or general education degree (ged)
a high school diploma or high school equivalency diploma are recommended.
a high school diploma/ged.
"a job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to apply"
a job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply
a job for which people with disabilities are encouraged to apply
a knowledge of the menu.
"a leader in parking services, healthpark valet provides its healthcare partners comprehensive parking solutions with a focus on patient care. a company that goes above and beyond parking cars, healthpark valet provides complete care and compassion at the curbside."
a little extra:
a love of food
"a member of the tapestry family, we are part of a global house of brands that has unwavering optimism and is committed to being innovative and wholly inclusive."
/physical requirements:/
/license/qualifications/*
/license/qualifications/
-operate and use all equipment necessary.
-operating cash register
-opportunities for growth & advancement
-oral communication skills -keyboard skills -math aptitude
-order over the counter products
-ordering and stocking products
-other duties as assigned
-preferably mandarin/cantonese speaking
"-preparing and serving hot or cold beverages, such as coffee, espresso drinks, blended coffees, or teas."
-preparing pastries
"-preparingor serving menu items, such as sandwiches or salads."
-process information/merchandise through pos system.
-provide great customer service
-providing customer's with excellent service
"-providing customers with product details, such as coffee blend or preparation descriptions."
-punctuality and good time management
-reading skills -professionalism education/experience:
-receive and ship e-commerce
-receive shipment (able to lift at least xx lbs)
-receiving and processing customer payments.
-operate cash register; follow cash handling procedures
-opening and closing shop
/job qualifications:/*
"-offer customers samples, menu suggestions, and add-ons with a smile"
-maintain and clean customer waiting area
-maintain store conditions
"-maintaining a clean, healthy storefront"
-maintaining cleanliness and orderliness throughout the pharmacy
-make sure customer is happy!
-make sure your station is always clean.
-marketing and promoting
-miko management team
-minimum guaranteed $xx.xx hour (hourly wage + bonus)
"-most important is a friendly, polite attitude and a great smile!!"
"-motivated, responsible, honest, polite, friendly and intelligent"
-multi task
-must be able to lift up to xxlbs
"-must be punctual and motivated, responsible and professional"
-must have great customer service
-must have open availability including evenings and weekends
-must have open availability including weekends
"-night shifts from x pm or x:xx pm to close are available, x days a week"
-occasionally bag food
-receiving and stocking supplies or retail products.
-restaurant/retail experience preferred
-restock products
-retrieve carts out of the parking lot
-wash bar equipment and dishes throughout your shift
"-we are a busy quick service restaurant in grand central market. we have a small team of talented, hard working people who all work together to make things run smoothly. we need someone who can fit into this mold."
-we're hiring baristas to join our friendly and hardworking team at bohemia!
-weighing and grinding coffee beans for customers.
-welcome and thank every customer
-welcoming and talking with customers
-works well with a team
"-wraping, labeling, and dating food items for sale."
-written communication skills -customer relations -organization
"-you will also be taking phone orders, togo orders and making sure all customers are satisfied."
. * consistently makes additional merchandise suggestions in order to maximize every sales opportunity.
. * has a high awareness regarding the length of purchase lines and immediately notifies the register complex supervisor of a need to open additional registers.
. bilingual in spanish is a plus
. consistent hours offered. previous cashiering experience preferred.
". records all cafeteria customer and purchases through the registers, collects money and issues change. displays prompt and courteous service to customers and is able to communicate effectively with them. cleans and stocks server & beverage area."
/experience/knowledge:/
/general qualifications:/
/general responsibilities:/
/job qualifications:/
-upsell and cross sell items
"-update status on facebook and answer questions via facebook messenger, text message, email, and phone"
-uncompromising product quality every single time
"-slicing fruits, vegetables and desserts"
-run customer scans
"-run the register, and balance cash."
-running the cash register and handling money
-service customers when necessary
-setting up or restocking product displays.
-shift stockroom for future shipments
-should be familiar with restaurant setting
-skilled drink making and coffee qc
-spanish speaking preferable
-the job requires learning our menu from top to bottom including recommendations and specials that change daily.
-strong desire to learn
-take and manage phone and online orders
-take orders at the register and hand out food to customers as it becomes ready
-taking out garbage.
-teachable attitude
-team member discounts
-technical communication -diplomacy -time management
"-the job also requires busing tables and making sure that the front of the house is clean, organised and under control."
- free italian ice during shift (x cup)
- follow directions: ability to prioritize and meet deadlines with minimal supervision and within designated timeframes.
adhere to corporate processes and safety standards
"""name"": ""ipython"","
"""name"": ""pythonx"""
"""name"": ""stdout"","
"""nbconvert exporter"": ""python"","
"""nbformat minor"": x"
"""nbformat"": x,"
"""output type"": ""execute result"""
"""output type"": ""stream"","
"""outputs"": ["
"""outputs"": [],"
"""page num = x\n"","
"""plain list= plain text.split(\""\\n\\n\\n\"")\n"","
"""plain listx= plain textx.split(\""\\n\\n\\n\"")\n"","
"""plain text = f.read()\n"","
"""print(\""done, running time: %s seconds\"" % (time.time() - start time))"""
"""print(len(plain listx))\n"","
"""print(len(set(plain listx)))"""
"""print(urls list[x])"""
"""pygments lexer"": ""ipythonx"","
"""save text = \""\""\n"","
"""name"": ""python"","
"""mimetype"": ""text/x-python"","
"""source"": ["
"""location = \""washington\""\n"","
"""from selenium.webdriver.common.by import by\n"","
"""from selenium.webdriver.support import expected conditions\n"","
"""from selenium.webdriver.support.ui import webdriverwait\n"","
"""import requests\n"","
"""import time\n"","
"""import warnings\n"","
"""jd num = x\n"","
"""job type = \""cashier\""\n"","
"""job type = \""receptionist\""\n"","
"""kernelspec"": {"
"""language info"": {"
"""language"": ""python"","
"""len(set(plain list))\n"""
"""location = \""boston\""\n"","
"""location = \""chicago\""\n"","
"""location = \""dallas\""\n"","
"""location = \""los%xxangeles\""\n"","
"""location = \""new%xxyork\""\n"","
"""location = \""seattle\""\n"","
"""scrolled"": false"
"""source"": []"
(none required)
"#xx - bridgehampton - xxxx montauk hwy., bridgehampton, xxxxx"
$xx per hour (plus digital and cash tips).
"$xx per hour. work between xam and xpm. take orders, money and serve our cuistomers! requirements:"
$xx. hr + tips (average $xhr)
$xx.xx - $xx.xx hourly
$xx.xx / hour (training period) - $xx.xx
$xx.xx per hour + tips (average $xx + per hour)
$xx.xx per hour about wilco
$xx.xx per hour or more (based on experience)
"$xx.xx per hour, seattle on-call position about our company"
"$xx.xx to $xx.xx plus offered medical, dental and vision"
$xx.xx/ hour
$xx/hour + tips (increase to $xx/hour in a few weeks)
$xx/hr + tips
$xxx sign on bonus! $xxx on xst check; additional $xxx after xx days
$xxx signing bonus after xx days. $xxx friend referral after their xx days.
"& villains in new york, ny is looking for one cashier to join our team. we are located on xx essex street. our ideal candidate is attentive, motivated, reliable with personality. responsibilities"
(all days and hours subject to change)
"(don't apply in indeed i can't see it ,please call for the job )"
#cgifederaljob
"""start time = time.time()\n"","
"""text file = open(\""output bosx.txt\"", \""w\"")\n"","
"""text file = open(\""output chix.txt\"", \""w\"")\n"","
"""text file = open(\""output dax.txt\"", \""w\"")\n"","
"""text file = open(\""output lax.txt\"", \""w\"")\n"","
"""text file = open(\""output nycx.txt\"", \""w\"")\n"","
"""text file = open(\""output sex.txt\"", \""w\"")\n"","
"""text file = open(\""output wax.txt\"", \""w\"")\n"","
"""text file = open(\""outputxxxx.txt\"", \""w\"")\n"","
"""text file.close()"""
"""text file.close()\n"","
"""text file.write(save text)\n"","
"""text/plain"": ["
"""urls = \""https://www.indeed.com/jobs?q=\""+job type+\""&l=\""+location+\""&start=\""+str(page num)\n"","
"""urls = \""https://www.indeed.com/jobs?q=\""+job type+\""&l=\""+location+\""&start=x\""\n"","
"""version"": ""x.x.x"""
"""version"": x"
"""warnings.filterwarnings(\""ignore\"")\n"","
"""while(true):\n"","
"""from selenium.webdriver.chrome.options import options\n"","
"""from selenium.common.exceptions import nosuchelementexception\n"","
"""from selenium import webdriver\n"","
"""        driver.implicitly wait(xx)\n"","
"""        for i, q in enumerate(jobs list):\n"","
"""        if(len(ans) > x):\n"","
"""        jobs list = soup.select(\""td#resultscol a.jobtitle.turnstilelink \"")\n"","
"""        jobs list = soup.select(\""td#resultscol a.jobtitle.turnstilelink\"")\n"","
"""        page num += xx \n"","
"""        print(\""page: \"", (page num/xx)+x)\n"","
"""        soup = beautifulsoup(driver.page source, 'html.parser')\n"","
"""        soup = beautifulsoup(page.content, 'html.parser')\n"","
"""        urls list\n"","
"""        urlx = 'http://indeed.com'+jobs list[i].attrs['href']\n"","
"""    #urls = \""https://www.indeed.com/jobs?q=\""+job type+\""&l=\""+location+\""&start=\""+str(page num)\n"","
"""    break"""
"""    break\n"","
"""    else:\n"","
"""    except nosuchelementexception:\n"","
"""    for i, q in enumerate(jobs list):\n"","
"""    if page.status code == xxx:      \n"","
"""    page = requests.get(urls)    \n"","
"""        driver.quit()\n"","
"""        driver.get(urlx)\n"","
"""from bsx import beautifulsoup   \n"","
"""        driver.find element by css selector('a#icl-closebutton svg').click()\n"","
"""                ###\n"","
"""                #save text += str(jd num)+':\\n' \n"","
"""                jd text = \"" \"".join(b.text.split('\\n\\n'))\n"","
"""                save text += '\\n\\n\\n'\n"","
"""                save text += jd text\n"","
"""            break\n"","
"""            for a,b in enumerate(ans):\n"","
"""            jd num += x\n"","
"""            save text += '\\n\\n'\n"","
"""            save text += urlx\n"","
"""            urlx = 'http://indeed.com'+jobs list[i].attrs['href']\n"","
"""        #driver.switchto().window(basewindowhdl)\n"","
"""        \n"","
"""        ans = driver.find elements by css selector(\""div#jobdescriptiontext\"")\n"","
"""        ans = driver.find elements by css selector(\""div.pagination a span\"")   \n"","
"""        ans[len(ans)-x].click()\n"","
"""        break\n"","
"""        continue\n"","
"""        driver = webdriver.chrome(executable path=executable path,chrome options = chrome options)\n"","
"""    try:\n"","
"""    urls = \""https://www.indeed.com/jobs?q=\""+job type+\""&l=\""+location+\""&start=\""+str(page num)+\""&vjk=fdxdxxxaxxexbxxf\""\n"","
"""    urls = \""https://www.indeed.com/jobs?q=\""+job type+\""&l=\""+location+\""&start=\""+str(page num)\n"","
"""# <center>indeed jd scraping --- four locations</center>"""
"""done, running time: xxxx.xxxxxxxxxxxxx seconds\n"""
"""done, running time: xxxxx.xxxxxxxxxxxx seconds\n"""
"""driver = webdriver.chrome(executable path=executable path,chrome options = chrome options)\n"","
"""driver.get(urls)\n"","
"""driver.implicitly wait(xx)\n"","
"""driver.quit()\n"","
"""executable path = '../chromedriver'\n"","
"""executable path = './chromedriver'\n"","
"""execution count"": null,"
"""f = open(\""output bosx.txt\"", \""r\"")\n"","
"""f = open(\""output chix.txt\"", \""r\"")\n"","
"""f = open(\""output dax.txt\"", \""r\"")\n"","
"""f = open(\""output lax.txt\"", \""r\"")\n"","
"""f = open(\""output nycx.txt\"", \""r\"")\n"","
"""f = open(\""output sex.txt\"", \""r\"")\n"","
"""f = open(\""output wax.txt\"", \""r\"")\n"","
"""file extension"": "".py"","
"""first job"" opportunities"
"""food protection"" certification"
"""display name"": ""python x"","
"""collapsed"": true"
"""### 看这里，因为要跑两次，所以文件名要改下，例如第二次的名字改成outputx.txt\n"","
"""# path where you save the webdriver \n"","
"""### boston\n"","
"""### chicago\n"","
"""### dallas\n"","
"""### la\n"","
"""### nyc\n"","
"""### seattle\n"","
"""### washington\n"","
"""codemirror mode"": {"
"""#chrome options.add argument(\""--headless\"")\n"","
"""<a data-pp=\""gqakaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbhcxngafaqacqnxjexxnwluodjzarxipxfrwx--ibluxcfkrcgaoaqaaux-xmxxxztmuuya\"" href=\""/jobs?q=receptionist&amp;l=seattle&amp;start=xx\"" onmousedown=\""addppurlparam &amp;&amp; addppurlparam(this);\""><span class=\""pn\""><span class=\""np\"">next »</span></span></a>\n"""
"""cell type"": ""code"","
"""cell type"": ""markdown"","
"""chrome options = options()\n"","
"""chrome options.add argument(\""--disable-notifications\"")\n"","
"""chrome options.add argument(\""--headless\"")\n"","
(if xx years old please prepare work permit from school)
"(part-time) position summary the cashier reports to the general manager of the cafe and is responsible for providing friendly, responsive service to café guests. the cashier is the first source of customer contact leaving them with the task of making a positive first impression with everyone who visits the cafe. principal duties and responsibilities responsible for helping the gtc team provide every guest with an exceptional dining experience."
- follow directions: ability to prioritize and meet deadlines as assigned with minimal supervision and within designated timeframes
- able to take instruction and perform job duties without being supervised
- able to work weekends and holidays when needed
- accountable to other staff members and customers
- accuracy: ability to handle cash and provide change without error
- accuracy: ability to handle cash flow and provide change without error
- adaptable -- able to transition from one task to another and prioritize task importance
- adhere to food safety guideline (must be a food handler’s certification holder or be willing to obtain certification)
- analytical skills
- answering multi-line phone system
- any other tasks given by supervisors
- assist with the cleaning and organizing of kitchen and equipment
- assisting customers with purchases and describing our products in person and via the telephone
- at least x months of prior retail sales experience in a similar environment.
"- available afternoons, nights and weekends"
- available to work holidays
- barista experience
"- basic math skills (add, subtract, multiply, divide)"
- be able to lift xx+ lbs
- be available to fill in as needed to ensure the smooth and efficient operation of the restaurant as directed by the restaurant manager
- be available to work weekends; and
- able to work in a fast paced environment
- able to speak korean is a plus
- become knowledgeable of freckle’s products and nutritional value
- able to lift up to xx lbs
*receiving and releasing prescriptions to patients
"*reliability, friendly and outgoing personality *team-player *able to problem solve as issues arise *ability to carry minimum xx lbs *willingness to work and get the job done *strong attention to detail *ability to listen and communicate effectively *food handler certification (can be acquired upon being hired)"
*respect for our work family
"*responsible for immediately reporting to his/her manager when an error is unwillingly made (the wrong, amount, product type, etc.), which requires authorization to void an invoice issued by the system."
"*selecting medications from stock, counting & labeling prescriptions for pharmacist verification"
*some food service experience is helpful.
"*the ability to perform tasks requiring bending, stooping, kneeling, and walking."
*walk-in are welcome
"*we offer paid breaks and lunches, complementary food"
*welcoming customers by greeting them and offering them assistance. *advise customers by providing information on products. *prepping *customer service *stocking *dishwashing *cleaning *sweeping & mopping *cashier *use judgment to solve customer problems *multitasking *maintains scheduling commitments
*what we offer: *
"*xx.xx + tips. with tips, some of our cashiers earn $xx/hour. *break room. *uniforms. *free meal (pizza slice and fountain drink). *x,xxx+ square feet restaurant"
- ability to handle multiple responsibilities and tasks
- ability to interact with all levels of management
- ability to learn procedures
- ability to learn quickly
"- ability to work a flexible schedule including early mornings, evenings, weekends, nights and/or holidays as needed"
- ability to work in wet and cold environment
- ability to work with limited supervision.
- be genuinely interested in the guests to make them regular patrons
- bi-lingual spanish is a plus
"(x/x,x/x,x/x - work up to xx hours in x days!)"
- default language • x year sales or customer service experience preferred
"- demonstrated ability to understand company policies, procedures, plan provisions and practices"
- dependable and reliable
- detail oriented
- do you agree to adhere to those requirements?
- effective communication skills -- proactive & friendly
- eligibility for any additional employee benefits that the company may provide in the future
"- embraces fashion, understands current market trends"
- employee discount (part-time or full-time status)
- enter orders in our pos system and process payments correctly and efficiently
"- enthusiasm, self-motivation and resourceful"
- excellent attendance
- excellent communication skills
- excellent customer service skills required.
- excellent organization skills
- exposure to fda approved cleaning chemicals
"- exposure to temperatures: xx degrees fahrenheit (freezing), xx-xx degrees fahrenheit (refrigerators), xx degrees fahrenheit"
- fast paced worker. maintain friendly & professional customer interactions
- flexible and able to execute tasks per directions and with little direction if needed
- flexible schedule and available on weekends
- demonstrated ability to communicate solutions that are satisfactory to the guest
- data entry
- big plus: food handler’s license (optional). we will pay for your license if you don’t have it.
- cut pizzas and manage the expo station in busy times.
- bilingual (english/spanish)
- bilingual is a plus
"- brew tea, cut veggies/fresh fish, and prepare rice"
- builds collaborative and productive relationships
- caring atmosphere with good leadership who wants to keep employees for the long haul
- cash handling experience
- cashiers (xam -xxpm and xpm - xxpm shifts available)
- causal dress
- clean and organized
"- clean, organize and refill products to maintain the store’s appearance"
"- cleaning and maintaining the cafe area, equipment including repeatedly used general items such as coffee maker and espresso machines."
- clear written and oral communications skills
"- client service: ability to function as a role model, ensuring that the client remains the top priority. takes initiative to build a loyal client base"
"- client service: ability to function as a role model, ensuring that the client remains top priority. takes initiative to build a loyal client base."
- communicate with manager regarding inventory and re-ordering items.
- company t-shirt or black polo w/ jean's (no holes)
- computer literate
- cook (not make) pelmeni and vareniki in the morning and throughout the day as needed.
"*receives payments in the authorized form: cash and/or credit, traveler checks, club member accounts and debit card. upon receiving cash, the cashier must count it twice and put it in the cash drawer. in case of credit or debit cards, place deposit slips in the cash drawer."
*reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.*
"*re-stock over-the-counter medications, ordering & maintaining inventory for otc items."
* great opportunity for college students in communcations/marketing or career adults in sales/marketing
* have a flexible schedule- including closing and opening
* help with opening and closing of salon
* inventory
* lite house keeping
* lively with customers
* manual dexterity required.
* multi-tasker
* must be able to handle a busy environment
"* must be able to see, hear, speak and write clearly in order to communicate with employees and/or other customers."
"* must be professional, precise, fast & efficient, and responsible for all interactions"
* must have availability to work during the holiday season
* potential pay increases per quarter based on performance
* restaurant work experience would be great
* retail sales
* social media postings
* the olympic store is owned and operated by an authorized paris baguette franchisee
* we are currently hiring for all shifts for january. please come down for an interview between x pm to xpm.
"* xx to xx hours/week, must be available to work on both weekdays and weekends"
"* xx-xx hours/week, must be available to work on both weekdays and weekends"
* handling call backs and chemical cards
* free milk tea and ice cream
*proven working experience as a cashier or in customer service *basic mathematical skills *strong attention to detail *ability to listen and communicate effectively *we are looking forward to hearing from you.
"* food handler's card may be required according to local and or state regulations. california applicants: a california food handler card is required for all foodservice employees who prepare, store or serve food at restaurants/coffee bars in california."
* ability to work a flexible schedule
* an ability to assess production demand according to level of business
* answering phones and booking appointments
"* are comfortable interacting with customers, providing descriptions and recommendations of our product"
* are outgoing and driven individuals
* be a team player with strong work ethics
* cash registry/till and deposits
* client traffic control
* compensation: wage + tips = $xx-$xxhr(based on your customer service skills)
* customer service
* data entry
* desire to be part of a small team of individuals working towards a common goal
* enjoy fast paced environment while maintaining great enthusiasm
* enjoy fast-paced environment while maintaining great enthusiasm
* experience with baked goods/food
* fast learner
"* fast-paced, self-starting, ability to multitask"
* flexible hours
* flexible hours (must be available to work until xx:xxam during some weekdays or xxam on weekends)
** impark / reef parking is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer – minorities/females/veterans/individual with a disability/sexual orientation/gender identity* back share
*** apply in person daily ***
*** reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions.
****must be available to work saturday or sunday each week *****
"*familiarity with working in a high-volume, non-stop environment."
*flexible scheduling for all employees
*for delivery team member position - company provided on-the-job commercial auto insurance coverage. no need to purchase additional coverage through your existing insurance provider to cover your car while delivering for panera.
*greet customers entering and leaving the business *maintain a clean and tidy work area *accurately process all cash and credit payments *provide exceptional customer service
*high school diploma or equivalent required.
"*marketing, cell phone sales, waitress/server or customer service call center sales experience needed"
*medical/dental
*must be able to exert well-paced ability in limited space and to reach other locations of the property on a timely basis.
"*must be able to read, write and speak english fluently."
*must be able to stand and exert well-paced mobility for up to x hours in length.
*must be at least xx years old
*must be xx years or older.*
*must possess excellent customer service skills.
*no commission; hourly rate plus tips
*paid vacation
*performance based raises
*previous work in a retail/community pharmacy setting
*prior use of a cash register & handling money
*proven working experience as a cashier or in customer service *basic mathematical skills *strong attention to detail *ability to listen and communicate effectively *
*experience dealing directly with customers
*collecting and entering patient demographic information into the computer
"*carries out the daily cashier report, making sure that the day's sales reports content checks out against the cash, credit card and deposit slip sales, preparing the necessary explanations if a difference is identified."
**hourly pay + tips!
***apply online at ubookstore.com/jobs. please note: we are unable to fully consider materials submitted through other avenues such as indeed.com without a corresponding application through our website.***
"***if you are interested in this position, please submit your resume with following information:"
***if you do not have a food protection license do not even bother applying.
***must have open availability
"***no referrals from job recruiters. no agency referrals, no programs."
**all prospective employees must submit to a criminal background check and drug screen. the perks
**available shift: monday-friday x:xxpm-x:xxpm**
**guaranteed xx hours/weekly** shift: xx:xx a.m. to x:xx p.m.
**this job description captures the position’s essential responsibilities. it is not intended to record all duties and expectations of the position.**
"*available to work every saturday, x:xx - x:xx"
"**up to $x,xxx.xx sign on bonus for new employee of evergreenhealth***"
*ability to handle large volume of customers and transactions accurately
*ability to navigate micros system.
"*ability to walk, stand, and continuously perform essential functions for an extended period of time."
*ability to work in a fast paced environment
"*accurately carries out date entry of the operation to keep from voiding any printed transactions, invoices and/or receipt of sale due to any data correction or inconsistencies."
*applicants may be contacted by phone call or text message by recruiters in order to move forward with their application. please ensure all phone numbers you provide us are your own and up to date.
*assist with telephone calls to the pharmacy and call patients when prescriptions are ready for pick-up
"a subway® sandwich artist® greets and serves guests, prepares food, maintains food safety and sanitation standards, and handles or processes light paperwork. exceptional customer service is a major component of this position. tasks and responsibilities:"
a team player. you’re open to different opinions and can help motivate your team.
a valid driver’s license
"able to take care of customers, be a cashier, and take care of drive thru orders"
"able to troubleshoot in a fast paced environment l&r group of companies is an equal opportunity employer (eeo) and will hire and promote for all job requisitions fairly without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), national origin, age, disability or genetic information; all of which that are protected by federal and state law. no harassment or forms of retaliation against any employee or applicant based on these characteristics will come about if an individual chooses to exercise their eeo rights."
able to use a calculator.
able to work a flexible schedule to support business needs
"able to work days, evenings, weekends, and holidays benefits"
able to work effectively with others in a team-oriented environment and provide excellent customer service
"able to work flexible hours (days, evenings, weekends, holidays)"
able to work in a fast paced environment
able to work in abusy restaurant environment.
able to work in astanding position for long periods of time.
able to work independently + on a team
able to work inside with exposure to extremes of weather & temperature.
"able to work standing, walking, bending, moving, or lifting up to xxx% of the day."
able to work under pressure
"able to work various scheduled hours and overtime including evenings, weekends, and holidays as needed"
able to work well with a team
"ablility to work full time, xx/xx hours per week."
"abm, a leading provider of integrated facility solutions, is looking for a parking ambassador. the parking ambassador has a variety of duties providing quality service to client team members and customers with the goal of enhancing the customer experience. the parking ambassador must be flexible and willing to complete all tasks that are assigned with a high level of customer service and client satisfaction. the parking ambassador will monitor parking areas, tactfully guide team members to their designated areas, while providing ambassadorial and way-finding services to customers. the parking ambassador will use software and other technologies to monitor and manage the client team member parking program. abm is an eoe/aa (m/f/vet/disability/gender identity/sexual orientation) category: valet and parking attendant parking lot attendant"
"abm, a leading provider of integrated facility solutions, is looking for a parking attendant. the parking attendant has a variety of duties providing quality service for monthly parking customers and daily parking customers. the parking attendant must be flexible and willing to complete all tasks that are assigned. the parking attendant will be entrusted with cash and credit payments and be required to account for all vehicles and their payments for the day. abm is an eoe/aa (m/f/vet/disability/gender identity/sexual orientation) category: valet and parking attendant retail clerk"
"abm, a leading provider of integrated facility solutions, is looking for a parking cashier. the parking cashier is responsible for cash and credit card transactions associated with daily and monthly parking customers, including collecting payment and providing correct change to customers. the parking cashier matches customer’s ticket to parking rate schedule and accurately accounts for all daily transactions. provides excellent customer service and assists customers promptly and in a friendly manner. performs other duties as needed. abm is an eoe/aa (m/f/vet/disability/gender identity/sexual orientation) category: valet and parking attendant retail clerk"
"able to troubleshoot any problems that may arise during service team = “together everyone achieves more!” responsibilities include, but not limited to: smiling all the time"
"able to stand, bend, kneel, & reach for an extended period of time, with minimal accommodations"
"abm, a leading provider of integrated facility solutions, is looking for a parking cashier. the parking cashier is responsible for cash transactions with the daily and monthly parking customers. the parking cashier approaches and greets all customers in a friendly, professional manner. the parking cashier is quick and responsive to provide excellent customer service. the parking cashier will also follow all company procedures and comply with all safety regulations. abm is an eoe/aa (m/f/vet/disability/gender identity/sexual orientation) category: valet and parking attendant retail clerk"
able to stand for scheduled shift and lift up to xx lbs.
"able to move and lift up to xx pounds, frequently move and/or lift up to xx pounds, and occasionally move and/or lift up to xx pounds"
able to move quickly and efficiently
able to multi-task
"able to multi-task, working well within a team."
able to multitask
able to operate restaurant equipment (minimum age requirements may apply)
able to perform the physical requirements of the job with or without reasonable accommodation
"able to read, write, and do simple math problems"
"able to read, write, and possess good verbal communication skills;"
able to respond appropriately to changes in direction or unexpected situations
able to run a cash register quickly and efficiently.
able to safelylift and easily maneuver trays of food when necessary.
able to speak effectively in interpersonal situations
"able to stand and move about for extended periods of time with only short rest breaks; reach, bend, stoop, etc. to handle products"
"able to stand and move about for extended periods of time with only short rest breaks; reach, bend, stoop, etc. to handle products."
able to stand and walk for x-x hours. why saratoga casino hotel?
"able to stand for extended periods of time and lift objects up to xx pounds, comfortable on ladders/heights."
able to stand for long periods of time
able to stand for long stretches of time
"abm, a leading provider of integrated facility solutions, is looking for a parking cashier. the parking cashier is responsible for cash transactions with the daily and monthly parking customers. the parking cashier approaches and greets all customers in a friendly, professional manner. the parking cashier is quick and responsive to provide excellent customer service. the parking cashier will also follow all company procedures and comply with all safety regulations. abm is an eoe/aa (m/f/vet/disability/gender identity/sexual orientation) category: valet and parking attendant parking lot attendant"
"abm, a leading provider of integrated facility solutions, is looking for a valet. the valet is responsible to park and retrieve vehicles. the valet will drive customer vehicles. they will comply with all traffic laws, facility policies and any pedestrian regulations. the valet will always approach and greet all customers in a friendly and professional way. they will be quick and provide good customer service. abm is an eoe/aa (m/f/vet/disability/gender identity/sexual orientation) category: valet and parking attendant valet attendant,parking attendant/valet,parking attendants"
"accepting payments, ensuring all tickets are accurate and providing a receipt to every customer."
about the delivery team member position:
"about the job: restaurant cashiers are responsible for providing customers with fast and friendly service in foodservice. other responsibilities include maintaining inventory, operating the cash registers, and maintaining the overall appearance and cleanliness in the restaurant. we are looking for motivated individuals with great customer focus to maintain the restaurant's energy and help us fulfill our mission of providing each customer with excellent customer service."
about the line cook position:
about the position
about the position:
"about the role as a retail team member, you play an essential role in the customer service experience by providing customers with fast and friendly service. you will build relationships with customers, process transactions, maintain floor merchandise and inventory standards, answer questions, and ensure customers leave feeling positive about their visit. both part-time and full-time positions may rotate between working as a cashier, a sales specialist or merchandiser/stock associate. you will report to the store management team. join us to become an industry expert in a fun and thriving retail company!"
"about the role as a seasonal team member, you play an essential role in the customer service experience by providing customers with fast and friendly service during our busy holiday season. you will build relationships with customers, process transactions, maintain floor merchandise and inventory standards, answer questions, and ensure customers leave feeling positive about their visit. both part-time and full-time positions may rotate between working as a cashier, a sales specialist or merchandiser/stock associate. you will report to the store management team. join us to work in one of the most fun and thriving retail companies around! you will"
about the syracuse area
"about us: uwajimaya, inc. is the largest asian grocery/gift store in the pacific northwest. as an iconic family-owned business with deep roots in the northwest, we are committed to supporting and sharing traditions and building communities."
"about westlake ace hardware ace retail holdings, the division of ace hardware corporation that owns and operates the westlake ace hardware chain, is one of the largest hardware retailers in the united states. headquartered in lenexa, kansas, westlake ace hardware has been in operation for over a century and operates over xxx neighborhood stores located throughout the united states. great people make westlake stand out in our industry, and we are looking for individuals who strive for personal and professional growth, and who want to work with a company founded on (and still led by) our solid core values of: service, passion, respect, integrity, teamwork and excellence general job summary"
"abp is an equal opportunity employer. we afford equal opportunity to all team members and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, marital status, national origin, disability, military status or veteran of the vietnam era, sexual orientation, sex, age, or any category protected by law. we value diversity among our team members and the unique perspective this brings to our company. copyright au bon pain © xxxx"
accept and redeem payments for front money for safekeeping.
accept cash & credit card payments for merchandise purchases. keep cash register accurate.
accept cash and charge payments for food and beverages
accept cash or cash equivalents for payment and provide correct change and receipts.
accept mail from postman and delivers to the business manager immediately
accept payment for food and beverage services
"accept payment, process credit card charges or make change accurately."
accepting payment for food and beverage purchased
accepting payments and providing receipts
about the job
about the cashier position:
about [hero ace hardware]
about the brand
about ateaz
about bāng bar
about ccc - santa monica
about co+opportunity:
about company
about compass group: achieving leadership in the foodservice industry
"about compass group: achieving leadership in the foodservice industry compass group is an equal opportunity employer. at compass, we are committed to treating all applicants and associates fairly based on their abilities, achievements, and experience without regard to race, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other classification protected by law."
about global partners lp
about go! go! curry!
about greenstar food co-op
"about heros & villains: heros & villains offers ingredient-driven sandwiches and specialties inspired by new york city bodegas and classic american lunch counter fare. every sandwich is fresh and made to order, and if your hands aren't dripping with sauce when you finish your meal then we did not do our job. wet naps are always available! from sandwiches to sauce, we are crafting it all from scratch at stallxx. learn more about us at www.herosandvillainsnyc.com. by applying to this job, you agree to receive a text message with a link to your profile as well as a text message when an employer has responded to your application."
"about johnnie's new york pizzeria: johnnie's new york pizzeria in los angeles, ca is looking for an individual to join our xx person strong team. we are located on xxxx wilshire blvd #xxx. our ideal candidate is self-driven, punctual, and hard-working. learn more about us at http://www.lajohnniesnypizza.com/. by applying to this job, you agree to receive a text message with a link to your profile as well as a text message when an employer has responded to your application."
about kreation organic:
"about la flor de yucatan: la flor de yucatán is a family owned and has been in business since xxxx. la flor de yucatán is much more than just a bakery. praised as a ""hidden culinary gem"", la flor de yucatan is the place to be to enjoy delicious authentic mayan dishes!! learn more about us at http://www.laflordeyucatan.net/. by applying to this job, you agree to receive a text message with a link to your profile as well as a text message when an employer has responded to your application."
about mackage:
about momofuku
about shakey's san gabriel
about skills for chicagoland's future
about syracuse university
"able to meet normal store demands which includes standing, lifting, loading and unloading trucks, and unpacking merchandise"
"able to maintain the store’s lot, i.e. picking up trash, sweeping, etc"
able to lift xx lbs.
ability to work in a standing positionfor long periods of time (up to x hours).
ability to work in a team environment
ability to work in a team environment.
ability to work in a wet and cold environment.
ability to work in an open aired environment during all climate conditions.
ability to work in varying temperatures from cold to hot.
ability to work in varying temperatures.
ability to work independently
ability to work independently ability to communicate effectively with customers ability to work as a team player in a fast-paced environment ability to adapt to changing priorities
ability to work independently and in a team and meet deadlines
ability to work independently and with a team
ability to work independently.
ability to work indoors and outdoors.
ability to work late night hours in a fast pace environment
"ability to work nights, weekends and holidays"
ability to work on weekdays and weekends. (morning shift: x:xx a.m. - x:xx p.m.; night shift: x:xx p.m. - xx:xx pm)
ability to work outside in all weather conditions
ability to work positively in a fast paced environment.
ability to work positively in a fast-paced environment
ability to work positively in a fast-paced environment.
ability to work in a team
ability to work in a standing position for long periods of time (up to x hours).
able to lift up to xx pounds
"ability to work in a high-volume, fast paced environment"
"ability to work all events, including: extended hours, nights, weekends, and holidays."
"ability to work as part of a team and interact with different levels from hourly team members, customers, vendors, and corporate representatives"
ability to work both independently and within a team environment.
ability to work both independently as well as with a team
ability to work calmly and effectively under pressure.
ability to work cohesively with co-workers as part of a team.
ability to work cooperatively with others.
"ability to work early morning hours or late-night hours, including weekends."
ability to work effectively using electronic clienteling system (mx) & pos register
ability to work effectively within a team.
"ability to work evenings, weekends, and holidays on a regular basis."
ability to work flexible shifts and days of the week including holidays.
ability to work flexible shifts and overtime (ot) when needed
ability to work flexible shifts and overtime (ot) when needed; special attention taken for candidates who can work an overnight shift job responsibilities:
ability to work in a constant state of alertness and safe manner.
"ability to work in a fast paced, deadline driven environment and to adapt to changing priority schedules."
"ability to work in a fast-paced environment, with a sense of urgency"
"ability to work in a fast-paced environment, with a sense of urgency."
"ability to work in a high stress, faced-paced environment"
ability to work quickly while maintaining safety standards and procedures
ability to work under pressure and multi-task in a fast paced environment
ability to work under pressure – can handle a “rush” strong time management skills
"ability to work varied hours and days including nights, weekends and holidays as needed"
"able to bend, kneel, squat, stand, and lift heavy objects as needed"
able to calculate and perform basic arithmetic functions in the application of revenue accounting and cash accounting.
able to communicate with individuals from diverse backgrounds
able to count money and give correct change;
able to create happy!
able to deal with disgruntled customers
"able to deliver friendly, courteous, prompt customer service"
able to effectively communicate in verbal and written english
able to handle cash and credit card transactions accurately and confidently.
"able to handle challenging and at times, emotionally charged situations."
able to handle fast paced shift hours with many customers.
able to handlemoney accurately and operate a point-of-sale system.
"able to input delivery orders, perfectly pack bags for delivery, manage delivery staff company introduction:"
able to interact with others while maintaining a positive and courteous demeanor under frequently fast paced work conditions.
able to jog short distances for an x-xx hour shift
"able to lift and move merchandise, typically a minimum of xx lbs."
"able to lift or move up to xx pounds hoffman development corporation is an equal opportunity employer. it provides employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex(including gender identity, pregnancy, sexual orientation) national/ethnic origin, age, marital status, familial status, disability, military status, predisposing genetic characteristics, being a victim of domestic violence, or any other status protected under state, federal or local law."
able to lift up to xx lbs.
"able to lift up to xx lbs. continuously. able to multi-task and handle multiple demands. experience with customer service. familiarity with or willingness to learn about natural foods, retail, and the co-op structure."
able to be successful in a fast paced work environment
able to accomplish multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment
"abilityto work variable hours/days, including nights, weekends, and holidays, asneeded"
ability to work well with a team
ability to work varied hours/days as business dictates including nights and weekends as required.
ability to work varied hours/days as business dictates.
"ability to work varied hours/days, including nights, weekends, and holidays, as needed"
ability to work variety of shifts
"ability to work well in a multi-ethnic and multi-cultural environment with students, faculty and staff with varying degrees of skills and backgrounds"
ability to work well in a team
ability to work well independently and as part of a team
ability to work well under pressure with the ability to self-manage timelines and deadlines;
ability to work well with others
ability to:
ability to work well with others.
"ability to work with a wide variety of fresh, dried and/or processed products, spices and powdered substances without negative allergic consequences."
"ability to work with fresh, dried and/or processed products, spices and powdered substances without negative allergic consequences."
ability to work without supervision
"ability to write clearly and legibly, and to listen and record accurately"
"ability to write routine correspondence and to speak effectively to the public, employees and customers."
"ability to write routine correspondence and to speak effectively to the public, team members and guests."
ability to write simple correspondence.
"accepting payments, ensuring all prices and quantities are accurate and proving a receipt to every customer."
accepts and accurately processes payments using the cash register operating system.
"a valid washington food handler card and an alcohol server card (we can provide information on how to obtain these if you do not have them) those hired will be able to take advantage of ivar's industry-leading benefits, which can include:"
address xxx exterior street
address xxxxx hwy xx
"address, troubleshoot and resolve all equipment issues in the garage"
"address: parkhurst dining at elmira college elmira, ny - xxxxx"
"address: parkhurst east rochester, ny - xxxxx"
"address: x spiegle drive champlain, ny - xxxxx"
"address: xx eastview mall drive victor, ny - xxxxx"
"address: xxx e. florence ave los angeles, ca - xxxxx"
"address: xxx midland ave port chester, ny - xxxxx"
"address: xxx n. northwest pkwy. park ridge, il - xxxxx"
"address: xxx neelytown road montgomery, ny - xxxxx"
"address: xxx north michigan avenue, chicago, il xxxxx, united states (us)"
"address: xxx oak point avenue bronx, ny - xxxxx"
"address: xxx old country rd garden city, ny - xxxxx"
"address: xxx stanton hill road nichols, ny - xxxxx"
"address: xxx upper court street binghamton, ny - xxxxx"
"address: xxx w redondo beach blvd gardena, ca - xxxxx"
"address: xxx xth ave, new york, ny xxxxx, united states (us)"
"address: xxxx alleghany corfu, ny - xxxxx"
"address: xxxx cesar e. chavez ave. los angeles, ca - xxxxx"
address xxxx s canal street
address xxx east magnolia boulevard
"address: xxxx dewey ave rochester, ny - xxxxx"
address xxx east compton blvd
"acts with integrity, honesty and knowledge that promote the culture, values and mission of starbucks."
adaptability
"adaptability & flexibility - adapts to changing business needs, conditions, and work responsibilities."
adaptable to work in a multi-tasking environment
adaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in direction
adaptable; able to multitask in a fast-paced environment
add or edit
"additional compensation: tips, store discounts"
additional duties:
additional info:
additional job details
additional qualifications/requirements
additional requirements:
additional responsibilities:
additional tasks and responsibilities as assigned by store management.
"additionally, this person assists guests in making menu selections over the phone, takes and rings in orders, packages to go food and beverages, processes payments, and assists fellow team members to ensure overall guest satisfaction."
"additionally, we offer a great benefit package for qualified employees, including:"
"address customer concerns in a courteous and respectful manner, while following retail policies. seek assistance of supervisor, when necessary, to resolve concerns."
"address: xxxx corporate drive westbury, ny - xxxxx"
"address: xxxx e marginal way s seattle, wa - xxxxx"
accepts responsibility and accountability for his or her money drawer
"addressing and greeting guests; answering questions in a friendly manner, proactively offering assistance and providing accurate and timely information, making product/ service recommendations and accommodating special requests"
adhere to all cash handling procedures.
"adhere to all company, city, county, and state tobacco and alcohol regulations."
"adhere to all current service standards when receiving, preparing and delivering a guest’s order."
adhere to all customer service standards.
"adhere to all department-related and company-related work rules and policies while upholding fairway’s core values of integrity, respect and excellence"
"adhere to all federal, state, and local regulations as they pertain to all departments."
adhere to all food production and sanitation requirements
"adhere to all local, state and federal health and civil code regulations."
adhere to all recipes and procedures as trained.
adhere to all safety policies and procedures
adhere to all sanitation and food production codes
adhere to any store program or promotion that may require implementation at the cash registers.
adhere to any store support center program or promotion that may require implementation at the cash registers.
"adhere to brand standards and systems, delivering quality food and beverage to each guest."
adhere to café schedule
"adhere to company cash handling policies, procedures and practices."
adhere to company dress code.
adhere to company policy pertaining to excessive cash in registers and perform cash pickups in accordance with such policy.
adhere to company safe drops and procedures.
adhere to additional standards set by designated brand
"address: xxxxx san vicente blvd los angeles, ca - xxxxx"
"address: xxxx e xxth st los angeles, ca - xxxxx"
"address: xxxxx hawthorne blvd. lawndale, ca - xxxxx"
"address: xxxx e. whittier blvd commerce, ca - xxxxx"
"address: xxxx first avenue south seattle, wa - xxxxx"
"address: xxxx irving park rd schiller park, il - xxxxx"
"address: xxxx maple ave. evanston, il - xxxxx"
"address: xxxx milwaukee avenue niles, il - xxxxx"
"address: xxxx oakton st evanston, il - xxxxx"
"address: xxxx rosemead blvd. temple city, ca - xxxxx"
"address: xxxx route xxx waterloo, ny - xxxxx"
"address: xxxx s sepulveda blvd los angeles, ca - xxxxx"
"address: xxxx s. central ave. los angeles, ca - xxxxx"
"address: xxxx sepulveda blvd, suite #xxxx, culver city, ca xxxxx, united states (us)"
"address: xxxx state rt xx hornell, ny - xxxxx"
"address: xxxx third street, santa monica, ca xxxxx, united states (us)"
"address: xxxx vineyard dr dunkirk, ny - xxxxx"
"address: xxxx w division st chicago, il - xxxxx"
"address: xxxx w. beverly blvd. montebello, ca - xxxxx"
"address: xxxx west xxxth street hawthorne, ca - xxxxx"
"address: xxxx wilshire blvd unit xxx santa monica, ca - xxxxx"
"address: xxxx xrd ave seattle, wa - xxxxx"
acts as backup to switchboard operator.
acts as an ambassador for the sunglass hut brand.
activities; performs all other responsibilities as directed by the business or as assigned by management. this is
accurately and efficiently ring on registers and accurately maintain all cash and media at the registers.
"accurately and efficiently ring up items on the register, retrieve payment and provide correct change as needed."
accurately and efficiently scan and key items into register
accurately and efficiently scans and keys items into register
accurately and quickly collect proper payment and provide proper change.
accurately balances assigned bank.
"accurately cash out tickets, if applicable."
"accurately clock in/out at scheduled work times, using the manual time card or electronic time clock, as applicable."
accurately collect payments and process transactions.
"accurately collects cash, checks, or charge payments from customers and makes change when required on cash transactions."
"accurately complete and submit all required paperwork for each shift, including vehicles in and out, if applicable."
accurately completing each transaction by identifying sales associate productivity without disrupting the service environment
"accurately dispatch drivers to airport terminals, if applicable."
"accurately execute all pulls (i.e., daily autofills, cafs, out of stock, manuals and guest requests) and backstock product from all departments"
"accurately execute all pulls (i.e., dailyautofills, cafs, out of stock, manuals and guest requests) andbackstockproduct from all departments."
accurately handle all cash and credit card transactions
accurately handle all guest transactions and follow all cash handling procedures
"accurately handle cash and credit card payments, following appropriate cash-handling procedures"
accurately handle cash register operations
accurately handle cash register operations and cash transactions
accurately and efficiently ring up in store purchases for our customers.
accurately and efficiently ring on register
activities & responsibilities
accurately and efficiently operate the register.
"access to leadership materials (videos, books, etc) and curriculum"
accidental death & dismemberment (ad&d) insurance
account management
accountabilities food
"accountability, initiative and a high level of ownership"
accountability:
accountability: we do what we say we will do and accept responsibility for the results
accountable for results! work environment and physical demands
accounts payable
accounts receivable
accuracy and attention to detail.
accuracy and honesty of handling revenues and aspects of the revenue control system
accurate and comfortable with math and currency
accurate cash handling and math skills.
accurate data entry of valet claim ticket data.
accurate food product preparation & presentation
accurately and efficiently complete all sales transactions and maintain proper cash accountabilities at pos registers.
accurately and efficiently complete all sales transactions and maintain proper cash at pos registers.
accurately and efficiently completes all transactions in register
"accurately handle cash, checks, credit cards, travelers checks, gift cards, and coupons"
accurately handles cash and register transactions.
"accurately identify and scan product under correct department (when necessary), process all forms of accepted payments, collect proper payment and provide proper change."
accurately identify and scan products under the correct department (when necessary).
accurately sells and redeems chips to and from guests.
"accurately, neatly and expediently complete cashier reports summarizing and accounting for daily revenues versus reported sales."
achieve/exceed personal sales goals and performance metrics while working as a team member to contribute to the overall stores total revenue goals.
"achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail"
"achieves individual and store goals for sales, customer acquisition and loyalty"
achieves/exceeds individual sales plan by creating an emotional connection with customers.
acknowledge and greet customers with a positive attitude
acknowledge each customer by making eye contact as they move on the food line. thank the customer after the transaction is made.
"acknowledge the presence of our guests immediately, with a friendly greeting."
act as a positive member of the team at the store by receiving and providing ideas or concerns to coworkers and management in a timely and supportive fashion.
act as the face and the voice of our company: convey our story to our guests
acting as a server for outdoor guests
active involvement with professional food service organization is greatly desired.
actively looking for ways to help people
"actively participate in creating a positive work environment, promoting team work"
"actively participate in promotional activities, including book sales and recommending services to customers"
actively pursue additional training for yourself as well as help train new cashiers as they onboard
actively supports the company culture of creating a fun and entertaining experience for internal and external guests.
actively work on improving customer service skills
"accurately scan and ring out all customer purchases using pos register including cash, check and charge transactions"
accurately rings customer purchases/returns and counts change back to customer according to established operating procedures
accurately ring up food and beverage items and process guest payment
accurately process revenue transactions and receive payment by cash or credit card.
accurately input and account for all revenue associated with the service or sale of food and beverage product in the micros computer register.
"accurately input orders into computers, paying attention to special requests and modifications."
accurately input orders into the pos and manage payments
accurately operate cash register system
accurately operate the register assigned to you for the day.
accurately package and prepare items for home/business delivery
"accurately perform cashier duties - handling cash, checks and credit card transactions with precision while following company policies and procedures"
"accurately post store use of merchandise, coverings, voids, no sales, bottle refunds, physical counts, bad-merchandise write-offs, within established guidelines."
accurately process sales to ensure no overages/shortages.
"accurately ring merchandise through the register, ensuring that all tenders balance at the end of the shift."
accurately processes and prepares merchandise for the sales floor following company procedures and standards
accurately processing transactions and maintaining a balanced bank.
accurately provide change to customers
"accurately record and account for all items ordered, process payments, and balance all sales/receipts in compliance with restaurant policies and procedures"
accurately record cash receipts and incoming checks for deposit and insure appropriate postings into general ledger and/or patient accounts.
accurately record sales on a cash register and make change for customers within a x% margin of error.
"accurately records all f&b revenues and corresponding receipt of money, credit cards, comps and coupon settlements."
accurately records daily transaction amounts from cash register to balance cash drawer.
"ability to work a xx - xx hour flexible schedule, including nights and weekends"
"ability to work a full or part time schedule and be available nights, weekends and holidays in case of emergency"
ability to work a flexible schedulehelpful.
ability to follow through on deliverables and meet objectives and deadlines
"ability to function in a high level of noise from music, guests, and kitchen environment"
ability to give appropriate notice for any need to deviate – in any way – from one’s scheduled shift.
ability to give attention to detail
ability to give customer proper directions to the facility within local surrounding area.
"ability to grip, reach, and pinch with arms and hands frequently."
ability to handle cash transaction accurately and quickly
ability to handle cash.
"ability to handle challenging and at times, emotionally charged situations."
ability to handle customer concerns and answer their questions appropriately
ability to handle guest complaints
ability to handle money accurately and perform mathematical equations
ability to handle multiple projects/tasks at a time and meet deadlines
ability to handle multiple tasks while working in a fast‐paced and deadline‐oriented environment
ability to handle multiple tasks while working in a fast‐paced and deadline‐oriented environment.
ability to handle transactions accurately and responsibly.
"ability to hear, speak and understand the spoken word in order to respond promptly to pages for assistance, to accommodate verbal requests from customers for information or assistance, to answer telephones, and to be able to communicate effectively with others."
ability to help customers and finalize sales
ability to identify and resolve issues as they arise.
ability to impact customer decisions
"ability to freely access all areas of the store; including the selling floor, stock and register area."
ability to follow specific verbal instructions and procedures.
ability to interact with co-workers in order to assure compliance with company service standards.
ability to follow proper health code guidelines.
ability to effectively multi-task
ability to effectively multi-task in a fast paced environment.
ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations to
"ability to engage customers, to find out their needs, and to appropriately route them within the dealership"
ability to escort guests to other parts of the facility as circumstances dictate
ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships.
"ability to exert well-paced mobility for up to x hours, including standing, walking, bending and squatting"
ability to exhibit and incorporate our core values into daily decisions and interactions with others:
ability to file paperwork according to dealership procedures
"ability to follow all guidelines and proceduresset forth by smashburger, local, state, and federal employment regulations"
ability to follow direction
ability to follow directions
ability to follow directions and established procedures
ability to follow directions and procedures; effective time management and organization skills.
ability to follow instructions
ability to follow instructions and procedures
ability to follow manager direction and work with all levels of management.
ability to follow oral and/or written instruction.
ability to follow proper health code guidelines
"ability to interact with all levels of management, staff, and customers in a very professional manner"
"ability to interact with customers and co-workers in a friendly, cooperative and pleasant manner"
"ability to work a flexible schedule, including weekends, holidays and evenings."
ability to lift up to xx lbs when needed.
"ability to lift up to xx pounds (boxes of inventory, cases of oil)"
ability to lift up to xx pounds occassionally and as much as xx pounds frequently
ability to lift up to xx pounds.
ability to lift weight of at least xx lbs
ability to lift xx kg.
ability to lift xxlbs.
"ability to lift, push and pull at least xx pounds."
"ability to lift, push, and pull up to xx pounds occasionally"
"ability to lift, push, and pull up to xx pounds regularly"
ability to maintain a calm professional demeanour during any volume of business
ability to maintain a positive attitude.
ability to maintain a standing position for extended periods of time (up to x hours at a time).
ability to maintain complete knowledge of the service standards
ability to maintain professionalism at all times
"ability to make a friendly and appropriate appearance, as the initial contact with the dealership"
ability to make change with all denominations of american currency.
ability to market the steak n shake menu
ability to meet a high volume of children on a daily basis
ability to meet all work schedules and comply with all time and attendance policies.
ability to lift up to xx lbs. as needed.
ability to lift boxes and heavy items as needed
ability to interact with customers in a friendly and helpful way.
"ability to lift at least xxlbs, carry, push, pull, squat, kneel, twist, turn, climb, crawl, reach, and bend"
ability to interact with employees and a diverse customer base
ability to interact with others while maintaining a courteous and positive demeanor.
ability to interpret and apply company policies and procedures.
ability to keep a clean and well organized working environment
ability to learn about natural and organic foods and products
ability to learn about natural and organic foods and products.
ability to learn and acquire overall store and product knowledge.
ability to learn and share expertise of products and trends to fit customer’s needs
ability to learn at a fast speed
ability to learn in a fast speed
ability to learn methods and procedures for cash handling
ability to learn new software programs
ability to learn quickly
ability to learn quickly in a fast-paced environment
ability to learn quickly.
"ability to lift and carry items weighing xx-xx pounds, occasionally xx pounds, up and down stairs/ramps."
ability to lift and carry up to xx pounds and bend/stretch to stock shelves
ability to lift and carry up to xx pounds.
ability to lift at least xx pounds on a semi-regular basis and perform other diverse physical tasks as needed
ability to effectively communicate verbally and in writing.
ability to effectively communicate in order to perform and follow job requirements in written and spoken direction
ability to effectively communicate in english.
"ability to add and subtract two digit numbers and to multiply and divide with xx's and xxx's. ability to perform these operations using units of american money and weight measurement, volume, and distance."
"ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. physical demands:"
"ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. ability to compute rate, ratio, and percent and to draw and interpret bar graphs."
"ability to adhere to all local, state and federal health and civil code regulations."
"ability to analyze and interpret; financial data and reports, regulatory material, and internal controls."
ability to and accept and follow directions.
ability to answer customers' questions on the phone or to refer callers to the appropriate department
ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out detailed but uninvolved written or oral instructions.
ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out detailed but uninvolved written or oral instructions. ability to deal with problems involving a few concrete variables in standardized situations.
"ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations."
ability to arrive on time for each schedules shift and work throughout the shift (aside from legally-required breaks) per the schedule and restaurant demands.
"ability to assist a large number of customers each day, and quickly and creatively problem-solve, while maintaining a calm and friendly disposition toward customers and team members."
ability to bag merchandise
ability to be a team player
ability to be a team player.
ability to be cross-trained.
ability to be efficient without compromising customer service
ability to be on your feet and alert for extended periods of time.
"ability to be well organized, maintain concentration and think clearly when providing service to guest."
ability to become a certified driver for cafeteria vehicles (you will be trained on premises).
ability to add and subtract two digit numbers and to multiply and divide with xx’s and xxx’s. ability to perform these operations using units of american money. physical demands:
ability to adapt to each customer/ their needs and their style/ relate to their experience
ability to effectively and regularly converse in and comprehend in english.
ability to adapt to different guest interactions and situations
"a valid washington state ""food and beverage workers"" permit"
a vehicle with current registration and insurance*
"a warm, authentic, helpful and efficient nature"
a welcoming ambiance and a fresh take on mediterranean menu with chef cj jacobson’s lighter california-style of cooking
a willingness to do whatever it takes to earn a “thank you”
a “fair chance” job (you or the employer follow fair chance hiring practices when performing background checks - learn more at https://start.indeed.com/fair-chance)
aap/eeo statement
"abide by all human resources policies, procedures and directives"
"abide by and support loss/prevention policies and procedures in all areas of risk management, physical security , store controls, inventory management, inter-store communication and l/p audits and procedures"
abide by employee handbook
abilities: ability to lift xx – xx pounds on a regular basis
ability and responsibility to handle cash and credit card transactions and accurate preparation of shift reports
"ability bend, stoop, squat and lift frequently throughout a shift."
ability for growth in the company - we prefer to promote from within - including our hawaii locations
"ability lift or move product, supplies and equipment up to xx pounds to various heights in locations throughout the store facilities."
ability to accurately handle monetary transactions
ability to accurately id customers for age restricted products
"ability to accurately operate a pos system (electronic cash register), convey prices, calculate discounts and process all register transactions."
ability to adapt and be flexible in a variety of situations
ability to bend and stoop on occasion
ability to bend and twist frequently.
"ability to bend, stoop, reach, stand, push, pull, and lift cartons/bins weighing approximately xx-xx pounds each repetitively qualifications"
ability to blend problem solving and decision making to positively impact the guest experience and resolve guest concerns
ability to communicate with associates and customers
ability to communicate with associates and guests
ability to communicate with co-workers and other departments with professionalism and respect.
ability to communicate with co-workersand other departments with professionalism and respect.
ability to communicate with customers along with great customer service skills for our high-end clients.
"ability to communicate with ease and clarity, good organization skills"
ability to communicate with team members and guests.
ability to compute basic mathematical calculations.
ability to connect with people
ability to count and balance cashier drawers
ability to count change
"ability to count, read and write accurately to complete required paperwork"
ability to deal with problem situations in a professional manner
ability to deliver information in a clear and respectable manner to fellow team members and customers
ability to deliver information in a respectable manner to the team members and customers
ability to demonstrate a positive and engaging attitude and demeanor
ability to determine and shift priorities quickly
ability to develop your leadership skills and be on the fast track for hospitality career advancement
ability to effectively and efficiently work in a fast-paced environment.
"ability to communicate with all ages, genders, and personalities."
ability to communicate professionally and handle multiple customers
ability to communicate in spanish is preferred but not required.
ability to communicate and interact with guests to build an inclusive guest experience
ability to bring a smile to a stranger’s face
ability to build rapport with guests
ability to build relationships with customers
ability to build relationships with customers in a team based environment.
ability to calculate fees and transact financial exchanges
"ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, commissions, proportions, percentages, area, circumference, and volume. ability to apply concepts of basic algebra and geometry."
ability to carry / lift xx lbs
ability to climb a ladder to retrieve items from overhead racking and storage areas.
ability to communicate clearly
ability to communicate in english
ability to communicate clearly to a wide variety of customers and overcome language barriers
ability to communicate customers' interests needs and requests to management and sales personnel
ability to communicate customers' interests needs and requests to service team and management
ability to communicate effectively
ability to communicate effectively in english
ability to communicate effectively in english.
ability to communicate effectively in the english language
ability to communicate efficiently and respectfully with fellow team members and coach-level leaders.
"ability to meet customer service expectations and standards in all interactions with customers, vendors, and team members."
ability to meet daily deadlines.
ability to meet federal requirements for handling and processing firearm transactions
ability to speak clearly and to hear or lip-read adequately.
"ability to speak, read, and comprehend the english language."
"ability to speak, understand, take direction, read and write in the english language."
"ability to squat, kneel, balance, and climb ladders occasionally."
"ability to stand and walk for an entire shift and move safely through all areas of the restaurant, which may include stairs, uneven or slick surfaces"
ability to stand and walk for long periods of time
ability to stand and walk for long periods of time.
ability to stand during entire shift.
ability to stand for an extended period of time
ability to stand for extended periods.
ability to stand for long periods of time and lift up to xx lbs. on an occasional basis.
ability to stand for long periods of time.
"ability to stand for long periods, typically x to x hours at a time."
"ability to stand for up to x hours at a time, bend and lift xx lbs."
"ability to stand for x hours a day climb, lift and bend."
ability to stand on your feet for many hours at a time
"ability to stand, bend, twist, reach, push, pull and lift xx lbs. to xx lbs."
"ability to stand, bend, twist, reach, push, pull and regularly lift xx lbs., and occasionally lift xx lbs."
"ability to stand, lift heavy items"
"ability to stand, walk and run for extended periods of time."
ability to speak knowledgeably and with confidence about product
ability to speak another language a plus
"ability to read, write and speak english language."
ability to speak and read english in order to understand and perform job assignments.
"ability to read, write and speak english."
"ability to read, write, analyze, interpret and understand the english language with sufficient proficiency in order to read and understand instructions for operating electronic equipment and tools; company handbooks, policies and procedures; and other written job-related documents including postings on company bulletin boards."
"ability to read, write, and communicate verbally in english."
"ability to read, write, and interpret instructional documents such as safety rules, reports, and procedure manuals."
"ability to read, write, and understand english."
ability to receive feedback and take action when appropriate
ability to receive feedback and take action when appropriate.
ability to remain calm under pressure in a fast-paced environment.
ability to remain stationary for periods of up to x hours in length
ability to resolve general guest complaints
ability to respond to guest inquiries and concerns in a friendly and courteous manner while providing accurate information.
ability to run accurate food service transactions
"ability to satisfactorily communicate verbal and written english with guests, management and co-workers."
"ability to see, hear, and speak regularly."
ability to sell proactively
ability to show up to scheduled shifts on time
ability to solve both routine and semi-routine problems
"ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form."
ability to speak and read english in order to understand and perform job assignments
"ability to stand, walk, lift heavy items, and work with other team members in a fast-paced environment to provide excellent service."
ability to stand/ walk for the duration of a scheduled shift.
ability to stand/walk an extended period of time per day
ability to stand/walk for the duration of a scheduled shift.
"ability to use approved equipment as required by department (including but not limited to: cold holding cases, box cutters, oven, slicers and knives)"
"ability to use calculator, computer, telephone, and other equipment as needed"
ability to use pos cash register for customer orders
ability to use technology applicable to the position and access information necessary to complete daily responsibilities
"ability to use tools and equipment, including box cutters, electric pallet jacks, and other heavy machinery."
"ability to utilize tablets, point of sale equipment and telephones with a high degree of detail and accuracy"
ability to visually examine products for quality and freshness
ability to walk or stand for extended time periods.
"ability to walk, bend, and stand for extended periods."
"ability to work a flexible schedule as business requires, which may also depend on your preference for part-time or full-time hours"
ability to work a flexible schedule helpful.
"ability to work a flexible schedule including evening, weekend, and holiday availability"
"ability to work a flexible schedule including nights, weekends and holidays"
"ability to work a flexible schedule including nights, weekends, and holidays as needed"
"ability to work a flexible schedule including nights, weekends, and holidays as needed."
"ability to work a flexible schedule of days, nights, weekends, and holidays,"
"ability to work a flexible schedule to include some nights, weekends or holidays"
"ability to work a flexible schedule to meet the needs of the business, including holidays, nights and weekends."
ability to work a flexible schedule to meet the needs of the business. the above information represents a summary of the functions and requirements of this position. additional details are available on the full job description.
ability to use a computer.
"ability to use a computer, telephone and other equipment as needed"
ability to use a computer register
ability to thrive in the fast-paced environment
"ability to strongly embrace and personify the mission of the lawndale christian health center. required knowledge, experience, or licensure/registration high school diploma required, proficient in basic mathematics, basic computer awareness, bi-lingual preferred but not required."
ability to successfully complete trainingprogram
ability to suggestively sell restaurant menu items.
ability to take direction and to work in a team environment.
ability to take direction and work in a team environment.
ability to take direction.
ability to take initiative and work independently
ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment
ability to tolerate dust and cleaning agents during routine housekeeping duties.
ability to understand the speech of others
ability to tolerate moderate amounts of dust and cleaning agents during routine housekeeping duties.
ability to transport and carry objects (such as food and beverages) up to xx pounds repetitively throughout the shift.
ability to transport food and beverage to guests.
ability to troubleshoot and problem solve equipment issues
ability to understand and carry out oral and written instructions and request clarification when needed
ability to understand and follow directions given by management
ability to understand and follow directions.
"ability to understand the concept of cash handling, making change and counting it back to customers."
"ability to read, write and speak english previous experience in a similar role is helpful but not required. there are full-time and part-time positions available. for more information about quest food management services, please visit our website at https://www.questfms.com/. quest food management services is an equal employment opportunity employer. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions."
"ability to read, write and speak english"
"ability to meet or exceed sales, customer service, & customer acquisition standards"
ability to operate a cash register or pos
ability to operate all equipment necessary to perform the job
ability to operate cash register and make correct change
ability to operate cashier register system.
ability to operate crathco cool beverage dispenser and other beverage machines.
"ability to operate equipment as required by department; i.e. slicer, scale, can opener, wrapping machine, rotisserie, fryolator, cheese grater/ cutter, case cutter and stove/ oven"
"ability to operate front end equipment; register, calculator, scanner."
ability to operate machinery. some machinery may require repetitive motion.
"ability to operate store equipment i.e. cash register, etc"
ability to organize and prioritize a variety of tasks and activities and work within strict timeframes and deadlines.
ability to organize paperwork and reconcile transactions
ability to packout and utilize team to deliver the total store for next shift and customer
ability to partner with management appropriately on customer issues
ability to pay attention to surrounding property while performing cashier abilities
ability to perform above job duties as stated or with reasonable accommodation.
ability to perform all essential job functions
ability to perform all essential job functions.
ability to perform and withstand frequent immersion of hands in water.
"ability to perform arithmetic operation involving all united states monetary units (add, subtract, multiply and divide). qualifications: all applicants must be at least xx years of age."
ability to perform basic math skills.
ability to operate all equipment and pos necessary to perform the job.
ability to operate a cash register efficiently and accurately.
"ability to read, write and communicate verbally in english."
ability to obtain and maintain all necessary licensing.
ability to move around the café to attend to the needs of guests
ability to move materials from one height to another;
ability to move or handle merchandise up to xx lbs.
"ability to move, lift and handle equipment, supplies and other objects weighing up to xx pounds."
"ability to multi task in a fast paced, constantly changing environment"
"ability to multi task in a fast paced, team orientated setting."
ability to multi-task
ability to multi-task and work under pressure in a service oriented environment
ability to multi-task and work well independently in a high volume sales environment.
ability to multi-task core competencies
ability to multi-task in a fast paced environment
ability to multi-task in a fast paced work environment
ability to multi-task in a fast-paced work environment
ability to multi-task/juggle multiple projects at once
ability to multitask
ability to multitask and prioritize
ability to multitask and remain calm during periods of high volume to keep store operating to standard and to set a positive example for the team.
"ability to multitask calmly and effectively in a busy, stressful environment"
ability to obtain a ca food handlers certificate is required
ability to perform basic math.
ability to perform essential job functions
ability to perform general cleaning duties to company standards.
"ability to perform in an intense, fast paced environment"
ability to providetop notch customer service in a fast-paced environment.
ability to push and pull up to xx pounds.
"ability to reach, bend, squat and stoop while serving guests and performing ancillary duties."
"ability to reach, bend, stoop, push and/or pull, and frequently lift up to xx pounds and occasionally lift/move xx pounds."
"ability to reach, bend, stoop, pushand/or pull, and frequently lift up to xx pounds and occasionally lift/move xxpounds."
ability to read and comprehend english verbal instructions and written correspondence
ability to read and comprehend instructions and information
"ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, product labels, product pricing"
"ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence, and memos."
"ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence, and memos. ability to write simple correspondence. ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations to customers, clients, and other employees of the organization."
ability to read and comprehend written instructions.
"ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. ability to write routine reports and correspondence. ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization."
ability to read and speak english proficiently
"ability to read and understand job related materials such as packing lists, menus, and notes."
"ability to read and write english, interact with general public and co-workers."
"ability to read and write the english language, conduct business related mathematics and analyze data as required."
"ability to read, analyze, and interpret basic instructions furnished in written, oral or diagram form. ability to respond to common inquiries or complaints from customers. mathematical skills:"
"ability to read, count and accurately complete and process payment transactions."
"ability to read, count, and write to accurately complete all documentation"
ability to provide superior customer service to all visitors of santa
ability to provide excellent customer service.
ability to provide customers with superior service.
ability to prioritize and handle multiple tasks and projects concurrently.
"ability to perform job functions with attention to detail, speed and accuracy"
"ability to perform physical requirements of position including standing for extended periods of time, kneeling, stooping, using stairs, able to lift, carry, push and pull weights"
ability to perform simple arithmetic as well as to understand measurements and conversions
"ability to place plates, utensils, pans and cases on both high and low shelves."
ability to position self to move items weighing up to xx pounds from floor to shelves and cabinets above and below counter height
"ability to prepare necessary accounting reports, cashier shift reports, gas reports, service reports (where applicable) and any other required reports or forms."
ability to preserve confidentiality of information.
ability to prioritize
ability to prioritize in a fast-paced environment
ability to provide clear directions and respond to employees.
ability to problem solve
ability to problem solve and multi-task
ability to problem solve quickly
ability to process information or merchandise through the computer system and pos register system.
ability to process information/merchandise
ability to process information/merchandise through register system
"ability to proficiently read, write, speak, analyze, interpret, and understand the english language."
ability to promote brand integrity
commack - xxx-xxx-xxxx
command of pos system
"handling cash, checks & credit card transactions."
happy job hunting!
"happy, upbeat, and with a ""can do"" attitude"
"hard work, never a dull moment but a great team in an expanding company."
"hard working, outgoing, positive and friendly attitude"
hardworking
"hardworking, committed and dependable individual who is always on time"
has a flexible schedule (weekends and evenings)
has a flexible schedule weekends and evenings
"has a friendly, efficient, team player attitude"
has a high awareness regarding the length of purchase lines and immediately notifies the front end supervisor of a need to open additional registers.
has a high awareness regarding the length of purchase lines and immediately notifies the register complex supervisor of a need to open additional registers.
"has a hospitality first focused attitude, being energetic and enthusiastic"
has a minimum of one year in the restaurant industry.
has a positive & friendly personality
"has a strong understanding of precise register functions, including how to process all transactions and forms of tender as well as layaway payments."
has working knowledge of store systems and store equipment.
"hastings-on-hudson, ny xxxxx (required)"
hats are included in the uniform for food and beverage staff.
"hats are not an item included in the uniform, however if one chooses to wear a hat, it must be a black windham mountain hat."
hands for hope- voluntary program for team members to dedicate their time to help uplift causes and organizations that have a positive impact on our community
"handling and washing of dishes, pots and pans ranging in weight from x lbs. to xx lbs. in either/both of our food service areas."
have a flexible schedule- including closing and opening
handles payments accurately.
"handle money according to hotel standards, ensuring accurate balancing. assist servers in the preparing and delivery of guest orders, as needed."
handle money transactions.
handle money/operate cash register
handle phone calls while maintaining proper security.
handle phone orders with professionalism and accurately collect information needed to complete order.
handle point of sale (register) transactions
"handle purchases in cash, credit cards, and atm debit per company policy."
handle sales transactions while operating the cash register.
handle special transactions to include returns and price overrides
"handle telephone transactions quickly, and courteously."
"handle, store and rotate all products properly."
handles all customer payment and credit transactions for the parts & service department
handles any guest’s complaints or problems in a prompt and courteous manner.
"handles cash and credit transactions; accurately accounts for all receivables including cash, credit cards, and gift cards."
"handles cash, credit or check transactions with customers."
"handles customer complaints with integrity and poise and, when necessary, refers dissatisfied customers to the appropriate individuals for resolution."
"handles guest complaints with tact and professionalism, turning dissatisfied guests into raving fans."
handles merchandise returns
handles monetary transactions and performs advanced cashiering duties
have a clear knowledge on all inventory items
"have a flexible schedule. must be available to work weekends, nights, and holidays"
have the ability to maintain a professional appearance at all times and display a positive and enthusiastic approach to all assignments
have good communication skills
have high ethical standards
have integrity in all things
"have knowledge of cash register, sales floor and stockroom organization"
have knowledge of products used throughout the store and works across departments to provide and assist guests in finding complete meal solutions
"have knowledge of the ordinances, regulations, laws, policies, and procedures relating to the team member’s department."
have knowledge of the property’s programs to address problem gambling.
have knowledge of the store merchandise
have open/flexible availability
have organizational skills
have positive attitude
have positive attitude towards work and customers
have professional appearance and meet company grooming standards
have reliable transportation
have sufficient memory retention skills to memorize weekly ad prices and daily produce (or other perishable department) specials.
"have sufficient physical mobility or agility to be able to respond quickly to fire or other emergencies such as cleanup requests (due to accidental spills or breakage of glass or plastic containers having liquid contents), shoplifting and other security assistance requests, customer accidents, etc."
have the ability to be cross-trained in all areas of the kitchen and line
have the ability to communicate in the primary language(s) of the work location
"have the ability to delegate tasks, follow up, and hold store personnel accountable for their actions"
have the ability to demonstrate a complete understanding of the menu
have good communication skills; the ability to take direction/constructive criticism and participate in a team environment
have fun at work and work well with others
have a flexible work schedule
have fun at work
have a friendly attitude and a desire to work with the public and in a team environment.
have a high school diploma or equivalent (ged).possess basic math and cash handling experience. good at excel.
have a passion for exceptional service
have a passion for great food and great fun
"have a strong customer service orientation and be able to communicate effectively with students parents, prospective clients, vendors, and team. maintain client confidentiality."
have a thorough knowledge and understanding of the panera menu
have a thorough knowledge of menus and current specials in applicable departments.
"have a thorough knowledge of the major streets, landmarks and freeways in the area of the lot."
"have ability to freely access all areas of restaurant including selling floor(s), stock area, and register area. brand: bob evans restaurants"
have an aptitude for simple math
have an excellent driving record
have an outgoing personality
"have and show an outgoing and friendly behavior, a positive attitude and the ability to interact with our customers, representing as a role model in behaviors."
"have and show an outgoing and friendly behavior, a positive attitude and the ability to interact with our customers."
have excellent communication skills
have exceptional grooming and hygiene habits.
have food industry experience
have full understanding of basic c.c. reader and its functions
have full understanding of basic pos system
handle merchandise returns
"handle exchanges and refunds in a quick, efficient manner"
"handle damaged or spoiled products and return‑to‑stocks (""go‑backs"") according to company policy."
greets customers and efficiently checks-out and bags purchased items
greets customers and visitors in a professional manner.
greets customers at the cashier counter in a pleasant and professional manner.
greets customers courteously and interacts in a manner to ensure customer satisfaction. relays relevant concerns from customers to supervisors.
greets customers in an upbeat and friendly manner while taking payment for services performed
greets every customer in a quick and courteous manner. provides a pleasant shopping experience for all customers and responds to customer inquires in a timely fashion. handles all customer complaints according to company policies and procedures. develops and maintains product knowledge and provides customers with product recommendations.
greets every guest with a smile and positive attitude
"greets guests as they enter the restaurant and offers a sincere, personal invitation to return as the guests leave."
greets showroom customers and determines the nature of their visit as needed.
greets walk-in customers and receives orders; greets customers when they leave.
grill staff
"grocery - price chopper's grocery department has just what you are looking for! this is the anchor of the company, offering the staples plus the latest trends in packaged foods. if you are interested in stocking, merchandising and knock-out displays that move product, a career in grocery is for you. we offer many different positions ranging from part-time clerks with flexible hours to full-time department managers."
"grocery, produce, meat, housewares, and deli worker"
"grounded in a foundation of family ownership for over xxx years, delaware north has earned a reputation as one of the most admired family-owned hospitality companies in the world. at the forum, located in inglewood, california, we provide food and beverage concessions and catering services for our partner. we’re working behind the scenes and on the front lines – making each guest experience, moment and memory the best it can be."
"group medical, dental & vision insurance"
group term life insurance
group universal life (gul) insurance
grow with us!
growing department
greets customers and take their orders. may give orders to cook or punch keys of register that records the order and computes the amount of the bill
greets any members in a professional and engaging manner demonstrating a member first experience and supporting local execution of syw related initiatives
"handle damaged or return-to-stock products according to company policy, with priority attention is given to refrigerated, perishable items, and sell by date."
"greets and welcomes guests upon arrival. answers telephone, takes reservations and manages the efficient and timely seating of guests to a table providing menu and server information once seated. manages special seating requests consistent with table seating guidelines and table availability. relays guest seating and information to servers and bus persons. oversees dining room activity to ensure guest seating efficiency."
greeting customers
greeting customers upon arrival and exit
greeting customers when entering or leaving our establishment
greeting customers with a smile
"greeting customers, answering phones and directing customer inquiries to the appropriate party"
"greeting customers, responding to questions, improving engagement with merchandise, and providing excellent customer service."
greeting each customer that walks in the store
greeting guests
"greeting guests in a warm and friendly manner, acknowledging them upon arrival"
greeting guests when they walk in the door and place their order / cash out in the pos as quickly and efficiently as possible with a friendly demeanor
"greeting our customers with an obviously high level of enthusiasm, whether on the phone or in-person. smile required! schedule to be determinedyou communicate directly with our customers."
"greeting patients with a smile, providing wheelchair assistance, way-finding assistance, and efficiently parking cars is only the beginning. if you enjoy helping others while being part of a great team, this is the company for you!"
greeting walk-in patients
greets all customers politely when they enter the restaurant.
"greets all customers with warmth and hospitality, including receiving phone calls – directing calls to appropriate parties."
greets all guests following papa murphy’s guest service procedures.
greets all guests in a friendly and helpful manner and in a timely fashion.
"greets all guests warmly and with a smile upon their arrival and escorts them to a table, balancing the flow among the server stations."
greets and services customers in accordance with established guest service standards.
"growth - both in hard skills and soft skills (attitude, relationships, etc)"
"growth measurement, tracking, and review."
growth opportunities for right candidate
growth opportunities: inspired to perform well by the chance to take on more responsibility
hand making delicious smoothies with fresh ingredients
"hand use: single grasping, fine manipulation, pushing and pulling."
handle a large amount of money and reconcile payments with all transaction receipts at the end of their shift;
"handle all cash, credit card and gift card transactions"
"handle all register transactions ethically and according to company policies, including all to-go, walk-up, and cater trax orders."
handle all take-out orders
"handle and apply cosmetics products to clients, including fragrance, when necessary"
handle basic customer issues which may arise and answer phone calls
handle cash and credit cards accurately and appropriately. encourage
"handle cash, credit and debit transactions with customers"
handle clerical paperwork and filing
handle customer complaints diplomatically and refer complaining customers to the appropriate individual for resolution
handle customer complaints diplomatically and refer customers to the appropriate individual for resolution
handle customer complaints diplomatically and refer to the appropriate individual for resolution
handle customer complaints fast and effectively to ensure that we provide all of our customers with the best buying experience.
"handle customer complaints reasonably, showing empathy and a positive attitude, and demonstrate our commitment to excellent customer service."
handle customer complaints with integrity and poise
"handle customer inquiries, questions, and complaints."
"handle damaged or return-to-stock products according to company policy, with priority attention given to refrigerated, perishable items, and sell by date."
hand held scanner
"hamra enterprises – an award-winning franchisee of wendy's, has great opportunities for driven people who are looking for a fun, energetic atmosphere with room to grow. do you wear your smile with pride and are you willing to learn? you could be our next rising star!"
"hampton bays, ny (preferred)"
guest oriented - ability to take care of the guests’ needs while following company procedures.
growth opportunity
"guckenheimer participates in the e-verify program, as required by law"
guest advocate (cashier)
guest engagement
guest focus - delivers legendary service that meets and exceeds all guests' expectations and leverages the voice of the guest to consistently
guest focus – anticipate and understand guests’ needs and exceed their expectations.
"guest interaction - smile, be kind, answer questions, introduce the concept to new guests"
guest marketing & placement
guest quality assurance
half price employee meals
guest service includes but is not limited to
guest service mentality; has a genuine desire to serve the guests
guest service skills
"guest service, cleaning, tend to issues that may arise with machines, sign guests up for rewards program."
guest services ambassador
guide customers provide relevant information and ensure satisfaction.
guide the guest thru the menu and ordering process
"guiding guests through menus while utilizing knowledge of the food, beverages to up sell"
have the ability to develop positive working relationships with all restaurant employees and work as part of a team by helping others as needed or requested
have the ability to read and write clearly.
greeting and thanking customers in a friendly way
high school education preferred with successful completion of an apprenticeship/training program; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
"high school graduate or equivalent desired, culinary school or equivalent experience desired"
"high school graduate or equivalent, xx years or older"
high school graduate or ged equivalent;
high school or better
high school or equivalent (preferred)
high school or equivalent (required)
high school or ged equivalent.
high schooldiploma or equivalent preferred.
high stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environment
high volume barista experience
high volume fast paced environment.
highly collaborative
highly competitive pay with huge growth potential
"highly motivated, a team player and motivated self-starter"
hires needed
hiring all positions!
"hiring auto service technicians at all locations in vestal, ny, norwich, ny, and scranton, pa - full time, paid medical benefits, paid time off, paid training, xxxk, employee recognition and perks, opportunities for advancement, state of the art facilities! job entails answering multi-line phones, greeting and cashing guests out and balancing a daily cash drawer in a fast-paced environment. candidates must be reliable, have great phone skills, customer service skills, professional appearance and a winning personality! we prefer x+ years' experience as a cashier or receptionist but we'll train an impressive candidate!"
hiring company: hudson group
hiring deli clerk
high school graduate or equivalent combination of education and experience
high school education preferred or equivalent combination of education and experience.
hiring for kitchen position (all shifts)
high school education or equivalent combination of education and experience
high school diploma or ged required
high school diploma or ged required. previous cashier experience preferred. ability to quickly and accurately input guest selections into the micros computer. language skills:
high school diploma or ged required. some college courses in banking and finance or related area preferred. cash handling experience required. special qualifications:
high school diploma or ged required. x year customer service experience and/or training or equivalent combination of education and experience. compliance responsibilities
high school diploma or general education degree (ged) or equivalent combination of education and experience
high school diploma or general education degree (ged); or one to three months related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
high school diploma or high school equivalency diploma preferred
high school diploma or its equivalency required.
"high school diploma, ged or equivalent"
"high school diploma, ged, or equivalent experience."
"high school diploma, ged, or equivalent experiencepreferred."
"high school diploma, math and accounting skills"
high school diploma.
high school diploma/ged equivalent required.
high school diploma/ged or equivalent experience
high school diploma/ged or equivalent work experience
high school diploma/ged recommended
high school diploma/high school equivalency diploma; or equivalent experience required.
high school diplomas
hiring for all positions full/part time.
hiring for the following positions:
have the ability to speak clearly and listen attentively to guests and other crew
"host– east coast foods, inc."
hourly full time: generally scheduled xx to xx hours per week; more hours may be required based on the needs of the store.
hourly full time: generally scheduled xx to xx or up hours per week; more hours may be required based on the needs of the store.
hourly part time: generally scheduled up to xx hours per week; more hours may be required based on the needs of the store.
hourly pay + tips!
hourly pay commensurate with ability to successfully performs duties as trained.
hourly rate: $xx.xx
hourly wage + tips daily
hourly wage including tips is approximately $xx an hour.
"hourly wage is $xx an hour, plus tips."
hourly/salaried: hourly (non-exempt)
hours : m- xpm-xpm t- xpm-xpm th- xpm-xpm & sat- xam-xpm
"hours between xam-xpm, $xx.xx per hour, higher than minimum wage. crew person - you don't want to work just anyplace, and you don't want to work just anytime. maybe it's breakfast. maybe it's lunch. maybe it's late nights. maybe it's weekends. whatever it is, you want to be challenged. and have fun. we think we can fit in. for job openings on your schedule, give us a try. requirements:"
hours for this position will vary (xx-xx hr/wk) within our operating hours based on business needs.
hours of operation:
"hours of operation: x:xxam - x:xxpm, x days a week"
hours of operation: x:xxam - xxpm
hours per week:
hours/schedule:
"hours: substitute hours, work based on your availability and the needs of the store"
"hourly full time or part time: generally scheduled xx to xx or up to xx hours per week, respectively; more hours may be required based on the needs of the store."
"hosts are the first impression the guest has coming into the restaurant and has the very important job of explaining our unique service style in a friendly, fun, and approachable manner. hosts exemplify superior service and poise under pressure in their tone of voice, words, and body language. they are gracious, hospitable, and excited to welcome our guests to the party, and leave a lasting impression for our guests! minimum requirements and expectations:"
hiring requirements
"hosts are in charge of seating our guests, keeping table rotation up to date, and helping bus tables in peak periods."
"hiring sales advisors, tunnel operators, and customer care advisors. offering hourly pay with quick advancement opportunity as well as commissions! earn $xx-$xx per hour!"
"hirsch has grown dramatically over the past x years, creating opportunities for talented individuals to achieve personal, professional and financial rewards. our workplace is a dynamic, fast-paced environment, and the hirsch team is made up of focused individuals who work hard, treat each other with respect, and understand the importance of family. in short, hirsch is a great place to work!"
"hirsch is currently seeking energetic, goal oriented, quality individuals"
"hirsch offers competitive salaries, ongoing training opportunities and a comprehensive benefits package"
"history of volunteerism, such as service in the americorps or peace corps, is viewed favorably. to apply applicant must be a new york city resident within xx days of appointment. interested candidates should apply online via nyc careers on the nyc.gov website (http://www.nyc.gov/html/careers/html/home/home.shtml). no telephone calls, faxes or personal inquiries please. only those candidates under consideration will be contacted. for more information about oath, visit us at: www.nyc.gov/oath residency requirement new york city residency is generally required within xx days of appointment. however, city employees in certain titles who have worked for the city for x continuous years may also be eligible to reside in nassau, suffolk, putnam, westchester, rockland, or orange county. to determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview."
hold guests as highest priority and ensure each guest is highly satisfied with his/her experience.
hold themselves accountable for their responsibilities on their shift.
holiday closures
holiday pay
holidays required
"hollywood, ca (required)"
"home run inn is a family owned & operated establishment with xx locations in the manufacturing, distribution, restaurant and real estate industries. at home run inn, we value passion, innovation, energy, enthusiasm & support. we hire team members that bring these values to life & help us carry out the traditions that make us successful. job type: part-time, non-exempt position summary: answer phone, take customer orders, provide accurate and timely information and make appropriate menu recommendations. deliver the correct product to each carry-out guest; process payments for all carry-out orders: greet guests via phone."
hometown bake shop
hometownbakeshop.com
"hone your craft, pizza making is an art… constantly strive to improve your techniques and celebrate the accomplishments of everyone on our team."
"honest, enthusiastic, flexible and friendly with kitchen/cashier experience a plus~"
hospitality staff
host/hostess minimum x year experience preferred
hosting: x year (preferred)
high school diploma or ged preferred but not required.
high school diploma or equivalent. prior receptionist and/or cashier experience helpful
"high school diploma or equivalent, some college preferred"
"health, dental, and vision insurance"
"health, dental, vision, and transportation benefits for ft team members (after xx-days)"
"health, vision and dental insurance"
healthcare spending or reimbursement accounts such as hsas or fsas
hearing: hear in the normal audio range with or without correction.
heavy lifting (lifting packages over xx lb.)
heavy lifting due to stocking of work areas
hebrew (preferred)
"held accountable, to a high degree, for the accuracy and thoroughness of departmental records and reports."
hello! thanks for your interest in joining the haven team.
"hello, we are a cafe/churro dessert cafe located in midtown."
help answer customer questions
help answer phones
help cashier
help clean and stock
help clean the store
help complete monthly inventory along with cafe supervisor
help customers shop our store and be able to find what they're looking for. ensure all customers receive a fast and friendly checkout experience. maintain store recovery standards to deliver our brand promises. prevent shrink with friendly service.
help customers with questions and/or concerns both in person and over the phone
help fill orders
"health, dental, vision, and life insurance for full-time team members"
"health, dental & vision for team members who qualify"
"high school diploma or equivalent, required."
health savings account (hsas)
have the ability to taste and smell.
have x+ years of pizzeria restaurant experience making pizzas
"have you ever enjoyed arnold®, brownberry® or oroweat® bread? a thomas’® english muffin or bagel? or perhaps snacked on a sara lee®, entenmann’s® or marinela® cake or donut? if the answer is yes, then you know bimbo bakeries usa!"
having a can do attitude
"hbc is a diversified global retailer, focused on driving the performance of high quality stores and their all-channel offerings, growing through acquisitions, and unlocking the value of real estate holdings. founded in xxxx, hbc is the oldest company in north america. our portfolio today includes formats ranging from luxury to premium department stores to off price fashion shopping destinations, with more than xxx stores and over xx,xxx employees around the world. our leading banners across north america and europe include hudson�s bay, lord & taylor, saks fifth avenue, saks off xth, galeria kaufhof, the largest department store group in germany, and belgium�s only department store group galeria inno. we have significant investments in real estate joint ventures. hbc has partnered with simon property group inc. in the hbc global properties joint venture, which owns properties in the united states and germany. in canada, hbc has partnered with riocan real estate investment trust in the riocan-hbc joint venture. a truly global corporate citizen, hbc is committed to responsible business practices to bring about positive change, and we work hard to shape a sustainable future for people and the planet. our philanthropic initiatives help create healthy families, strong communities, and sport excellence in the cities and countries in which we operate around the world, while striving to create innovative programs and resources that provide flexibility for work-life balance in order to maintain a positive working environment what this position is all about:"
"headquartered in plano, tx, cinemark holdings, inc. is a leader in the motion picture exhibition industry with xxx+ theatres in the u.s. and latin america."
health advocate
health and dental insurance
health and wellness
health benefits available
health benefits for full time employees
health care and dependent care flexible spending accounts (fsas)
"health care plans (medical, prescription, dental, vision)"
"health coverage – medical, dental, vision insurance and paid parental leave"
health department license or certification and/or alcohol certification as required by state or local requirement.
health insurance available full-time employee. location:
health insurance benefits
"health insurance, including dental and vision"
health plan
help guests decide what to order
help instructors to track students attendance during rush hours. help manager scheduling staff occasionally.
help out other departments within the general merchandise area as needed.
help package food in boxes and bags
"high energy, awesome communication, team-orientation, and diligent worker"
"high energy, enthusiastic, and displays an affinity for our products, core values, and company philosophy"
high energy.
high level of adaptability and flexibility required to work across different teams as needed
high level of attention to detail and motivation
high level of energy with strong customer service
high level of energy with strong customer service skills.
high level of integrity and honesty; will be responsible for handling cash.
high level of personal and professional integrity
high level of professionalism and be an expert in all areas of customer service
"high personal integrity, professionalism and maturity"
high school degree
high school degree required
high school diploma or equivalent desired
high school diploma or equivalent preferred but not required.
high school diploma or equivalent preferred.
high school diploma or equivalent required
high school diploma or equivalent required.
"high school diploma or equivalent required. associates degree or certification in hospitality, restaurant operations, or related area a plus but not required."
"hi- we are office coffee- a specialty coffee shop in partnership with the biannual fashion magazine, office magazine. we are located inside canal street market between broadway and lafayette right on the intersection between soho and chinatown."
hi everyone!
here’s what you’ll be doing:
helping out withother positions in the restaurant as needed.
"help to keep carts neat and orderly, providing “wing carts” at all times."
help to maintain accurate department signage and pricing.
help wanted!!!
help with the preparation of catering orders or other preparation duties
help your team in the bakery-cafe in between deliveries
"helpful, courteous approach to resolving complaints."
helping complete customer sales efficiently
helping out wherever needed
helps package food in boxes and bags.
here’s what we’re looking for:
"helps prepare foods such as meats, vegetables, baked goods and desserts. also helps prepare catering orders."
"here are a few attributes you must be pretty sure you posess if you think a job with us is not going to be just a waste of your, and our time: x. you are reliable. you understand delayed mta schedules and winter blues days, but you always rise against those obstacles and somehow make it where you had committed to arriving, on time, all the time. you know that this will be a nice thing to see in your teammates. you give that respect and you expect it back."
here are the qualifications we’re looking for:
"here at boston market, we are far from fries. are you looking to feed your career, not just a time clock? we have a career path to fit your personal and professional growth goals. crew members will join our diverse and loyal team, working together to achieve great results, tackle challenges and have fun along the way. a career at boston market means more: it means flexible hours, wholesome food, friendships that last and customer service we can be proud of every day. we have jobs available for all part-time hourly positions including: servers, cashiers, carvers, cooks, drive thru and more."
"here at impark, our success is defined by our corporate culture and the associated values inside our corporate culture. these unique values are exemplified in our day to day business and in lives of our employees. here at impark we strive to…"
"here at impark, our success is defined by the associated values within our corporate culture. these unique principles are exemplified in our day to day business and the lives of our employees. here at impark we strive to… create positive energy…inspire, teamwork & believe in others as we work together towards accomplishing a best in class experience for our clients, customers and for each other. be a trailblazer…be bold, open-minded & entrepreneurial towards new ideas and challenges that we face in our day to day business operations."
here is what you need:
here's what we offer:
"greeting and welcoming all customers with a smile, and has a friendly demeanor"
"greeting and serving customers, food prep, drink prep, light baking, selling, promoting, sampling, cleaning, cashiering in/out,"
follows company service standards with every guest
frequently lifting up to xx lbs.
"frequently operate small office equipment such as cash register, calculator, copier/printer"
"frequently receive and process payments and issue receipts for products sold- whether by cash, check, vouchers, credit cards, or debit cards in accordance with company policies and procedures."
frequently remain stationary for long periods of time.
"frequently required to stoop, crouch or kneel."
"frequently required to use hand to finger motions, handle or feel objects, reach with hands & arms."
"frequently required to use hand to finger motions, handle or feel objects, reach with hands and arms. brand: urth caffe"
frequently requires lifting objects up to xx pounds. may require lifting and moving heavy and/or awkward objects greater than xx pounds with assistance.
fri & sat off
"fri & sat x:xxpm – xam; sun, mon, tu x:xxpm-x:xxam; wed & thu off"
fri - sun: x - x pm
friday (preferred)
friday (required)
friday-sunday xpm-xxpm
friday: xpm - x:xxpm
friendliness
friendly & attentive guest service
friendly and cheerful disposition
friendly and courteous on the phone.
friendly and outgoing approach to all customers
frequently lifting up to xx lbs. brand: parkhurst dining
frequently lift and /or move up to xx pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to xx pounds.
friendly attitude and team player who will contribute to the culture and standards of au bon pain
"frequent use of copy machine, computer, adding machine, fill machine, coin machine and telephone."
free company sponsored life insurance
free employee parking and close to bus lines
free long term disability insurane
free meal on work days
free meals (have you tried our made-from-scratch food? its delicious!)
free meals while on-duty and discounted meals at ivar's and kidd valley while off duty
free parking
free shift meal when you work
free short term disability insurance
free smoothie with every shift
free staff lunch daily and discounts at eataly
free uniforms
free work meals
"freely access all areas of the store including sales floor, stock area and register area by standing, walking, stooping, crawling, climbing, crouching, kneeling and climbing a ladder; ability to lift and/or move up to xx pounds at any given time."
"frequent bending, kneeling, and lifting up to xx lbs."
"frequent bending, reaching, lifting of x to xx lbs"
"frequent motions such as standing, walking, kneeling, squatting, bending, lifting, and reaching"
"frequent standing, walking and reaching around the theater."
"frequent use of arms and shoulders (including reaching above head, and below waist level) to stock merchandise on store shelves"
friendly and positive attitude
friendly cafe is looking for an energetic team player. food handling experience is recommended.
functional management
full time /part time available
full time associates at touchpoint are offered many fantastic benefits such as:
full time available with success in the role.
"full time, assistant manager postions"
full time/part time: part time
full-time and part-time opportunities
full-time and part-time positions are available! salary to be determined based on experience. employees are paid weekly.
full-time or part-time position
"full-time position - able to work various shifts per week and be available weekdays, evenings, and weekends"
"full-time, and full-time job sharing available. [part-time schedule]"
full/part-time positions available!
fun and upbeat work environment
fun atmosphere
fun staff classes on products and italian cuisine
fun work environment without a corporate/franchise structure
fun working environment
"fun, friendly team environment"
"fun, friendly, and team orientated work environment"
"function as a host for the restaurant to greet, seat guests and answer phones."
full time associates at chartwells higher education are offered many fantastic benefits such as:
full time / part time
friendly outgoing attitude.
full time - benefits and free transportation available
"friendly, happy and a smiling person! additional info:"
"friendly, outgoing personality"
"friendly, responsible, honest, helpful, dependable & fast learners"
"friendly, supportive work environments"
"friendly, upbeat attitude"
"from fine dining restaurants to residential dining, usc hospitality serves over xx,xxx students, athletes, faculty, and staff, as well as our many visitors. hospitality is one of the six core business units that comprise usc auxiliary services and one of the largest employers on campus. we are renowned for our fresh take on self-operated food concepts with xx restaurants between both campuses. the team at usc hospitality is led by innovative executive chefs and directors who strive every day to craft nourishing and wholesome alternatives for our hungry trojan family and our guests."
"from the creators of the cheesecake factory, grand lux cafe blends the grandeur and luxury of european cafes with the sensibilities and spirit of an all-american restaurant. every sumptuous menu item is prepared fresh-to-order in our exhibition style kitchen. guests enjoy delectable, freshly baked desserts from our in-house pastry kitchen. there are xx restaurant locations across the u.s. from new york to los angeles, and we continue to grow."
"front end - the front-end is the hub of service. if you are interested in being on the front line of first impressions, and delivering exceptional experiences to our guests, a career on the front-end is for you. we offer many different positions ranging from part-time cashiers with flexible hours to full-time customer service managers."
front end appearance and upkeep
front end manager
front of store attendant (cart attendant)
ft - deli clerk
"fuji bakery interbay/elliott in seattle, wa is looking for one cashier to join our xx person strong team. we are located on xxx s king st. our ideal candidate is self-driven, punctual, and hard-working. responsibilities greet customers entering and leaving the business *maintain a clean and tidy work area *accurately process all cash and credit payments *provide exceptional customer service"
"fuji bakery interbay/elliott in seattle, wa is looking for one cashier to join our xx person strong team. we are located on xxxx elliott ave w. our ideal candidate is a self-starter, punctual, and reliable. responsibilities greet customers entering and leaving the business *maintain a clean and tidy work area *accurately process all cash and credit payments *provide exceptional customer service"
full & part time positions available. (tukwila – available now)
"full name , age, location"
full or part time positions available.
full time (tuesday thru friday - x:xx am – x:xx pm or x:xx am – x:xx pm) and (saturday x:xx am – x:xx pm)
full time (xx+ hours a week)
free club membership to all three facilities (two for full time)
free cabo fresh while on shift
free bag of coffee with each paycheck
"food experience preferred, but not required"
food handler card: a food handler card required where applicable
food handler card: a food handler card required where applicablejob details:
food handler certificate
food handler certificate (preferred)
food handler certificate (required)
food handler certificate - you can get it online if you don't have it currently.
food handler certification (preferred)
food handler certification required
food handler's card
food handlers card is required for this job
food handlers card.
food handlers certification (per state laws).
food handler’s card preferred but not required
food handling: x year (preferred)
food handling: x years (required)
food line and cashiering are beneficial.
"food permit, class xx serving permit required."
food preparation including making one of our customer-favorites….coffee!
"food presentation uses burger lounge dialog combined with clear, organized presentation of food, key words, offer of a specific service (the o in g.o.a.l.), and appropriate carrying techniques for carrying x plates, when required."
food handler (preferred)
food discounts (xx% off meals)
free b.good meals
food discounts
follows corporate guidelines relating to mc&c and known loss merchandise.
follows food division standards and best practices
"follows juice press employee handbook, operational policies and procedures (cash handling, dress code)."
follows local health department laws.
follows policy concerning amount of cash kept in the register; counts and verifies cash drawer per store policy.
"follows proper check cashing, credit card and food stamp transactions."
"follows proper check, atm, and credit procedures."
follows proper void procedures.
follows standard procedures for issuing cash refunds.
"follows starbucks operational policies and procedures, including those for cash handling and safety and security, to ensure the safety of all partners during each shift."
follows the company uniform and grooming standards and policies.
"follows the directions of the store manager or appointed team member on store operational tasks that include but are not limited to processing damages/holds, stock room maintenance, inventory, floor moves, stock moves between on-site and off-site locations, etc."
"follows the proper customer service sequence as outlined in our ""day maker program."
"follows the work schedule as posted, unless a change in the schedule is arranged with the manager in charge."
follows zegna beverage service presentation guidelines to ensure zegna luxury and quality image
follows zegna product and gift packaging standards and guidelines to ensure zegna luxury and quality image
"food - stock the salad bar and hot food bar, food and menu knowledge, keep food stations clean and restocked"
food and beverage experience a plus
food and beverage: x years (preferred)
food runners
"food runners are vital to providing the nando’s experience. food runners ensure that food reaches the correct guest in a timely manner. food runners transport food orders from the kitchen to the appropriate table and announce the food to the guest. food runners keep a smile on their face while they clean, set and re-set tables continuously, assuming responsibility for station, tables and side duties. runners work with our team to exceed our guests’ expectations and to provide the nando’s experience. host:"
food safety
food service - bargaining unit job title
"for the employees hired, kidd valley's premium benefits package can include:"
"forecast, order and stock merchandise (upon completion of training)"
foreign transcripts: transcripts issued outside the united states require a course-by-course analysis with an equivalency statement from a certified transcript evaluation service verifying the degree equivalency to that of an accredited institution within the usa. this report must be attached with the application and submitted by the filing deadline. inquiries/contact:
"forest hills, ny xxxxx"
"fork lift, electric and manual pallet jacks, hand truck, garbage and card board compactor."
foster a safe work environment by followingsafety and security standards
"founded in italy in xxxx, eataly is the world’s largest artisanal italian food and beverage marketplace. at eataly, you can eat a meal at restaurants or quick-service counters, shop for the ingredients, and learn through classes and tastings. eat better, live better! eataly is an equal opportunity employer."
"founded in xxxx as a hospitality management company, legends has transformed into a holistic experiential services agency with more than x,xxx full-time and xx,xxx seasonal team members globally. legends has three core divisions operating worldwide: global planning, global sales and hospitality, offering clients and partners a xxx-degree platform to elevate their brand and execute their vision. currently, legends works with marquee clients across business verticals including professional sports; collegiate; attractions; entertainment; and conventions and leisure. we are the industry leaders in designing, planning and realizing exceptional experiences in sports and entertainment. the role"
"founded in xxxx, b.good is an innovative, fast casual, farm-to-table restaurant chain serving “food with roots” – sustainably-grown, fresh and wholesome food that is prepared fresh in-house. with over xx locations across the u.s., canada, switzerland and germany, b.good serves a diverse and delicious menu including kale & grain bowls, salads, all-natural burgers, sides of crisp veggies and oven-finished fries, smoothies and kids’ meals. by sourcing as much as possible from local, independent farmers and being genuinely committed to social and environmental impact, b.good has a unique connection to the communities the brand calls home."
"founded in xxxx, duane reade is the largest drug store chain in the metropolitan new york city area, offering a variety of prescription and over-the-counter drugs, health and beauty care items, cosmetics, greeting cards, photo supplies, and photofinishing. a cashier is the last point of sale so the cashier should be able to leave a lasting impression on the customer to want to come back. a cashier is responsible for maintaining outstanding customer service as per company standards, processing sales quickly, accurately and efficiently, cash register operations and safeguarding company assets. key responsibilities:"
"founded in xxxx, four seasons continues to define the future of luxury hospitality with extraordinary imagination, unwavering commitment to the highest standards of quality, and the most genuine and customized service. currently operating xxx hotels and private residences in major city centers and resort destination in xx countries, and with more than xx projects in development, four seasons consistently ranks among the world's best hotels and most prestigious brands in reader polls, traveler reviews and industry awards. our work environment pairs a strong commitment to excellent service and authentic experiences with an emphasis on creativity and innovation. four seasons has been ranked in fortune magazine’s xxx best companies to work for since xxxx. we’re looking for individuals with not only the right skills and attitude for the role, but also the passion to excel."
"founded in xxxx, hirsch pipe & supply is one of the nation’s largest regional distributors of plumbing, heating and industrial supplies. hirsch operates multiple locations in los angeles, orange and san diego counties, and distributes products regionally, nationally and throughout the world. we proudly support our motto: hirsch has it…"
"founded in xxxx, legends is a holistic experiential services agency with more than x,xxx full-time and xx,xxx seasonal team members globally. legends has three core divisions operating worldwide: global planning, global sales and hospitality, offering clients and partners a xxx-degree platform to elevate their brand and execute their vision. currently, legends works with marquee clients across business verticals including professional sports; collegiate; attractions; entertainment; and conventions and leisure. we are the industry leaders in designing, planning and realizing exceptional experiences in sports and entertainment. for more information, visit legends.net and follow legends at facebook.com/thelegendsway,twitter and instagram: @thelegendsway."
"founded in xxxx, lia group companies consist of lia auto group, vent fitness, burgerfi and various commercial properties including hamilton square shopping center in guilderland. our team of over xxxx dedicated team members at xx locations throughout ny, ma and ct offer our quality products and deliver exceptional consumer experiences for over xx years."
"four seasons is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. minorities, women, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. to access the 'eeoc is the law' information poster please visit this website - http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/poster screen reader optimized.pdf"
"fp primary: presents food to guests, circulates dining room for service opportunities, pre-busses and busses tables, and greets guests who are walking into the restaurant, standing in line, or exiting the restaurant."
"fp secondary: maintains clean floors, busses and washes dishes, cleans and restocks bathrooms, wipes windows, and rolls silverware."
fred meyer also requires that all associates perform all tasks in a safe manner consistent with corporate policies and state and federal laws.
free and delicious mendo meals on every shift!
for sales – warehouse – entry level positions
"for over xx years, cec entertainment has proudly served as the nationally recognized leader in family dining and entertainment and the place where a kid can be a kid®. as the award-winning, number-one, kid-friendly restaurant for millions of families across the world, the company and its franchisees operate a system of more than xxx chuck e. cheese stores located in xx states and xx foreign countries and territories, and a system of more than xxx peter piper pizza franchise and company-owned locations. more than xx,xxx employees are dedicated to ensuring every guest leaves happy!"
for more information visit www.speedway.com/careers
food: x year (beneficial).
food service experience a plus but not required.
food service experience preferred.
food service management: x years (preferred)
"food service or retail experience preferred, not required"
"food service or retail experience preferred, not required."
food service sales
"food service workers provide excellent customer service preparing and serving menu items. food service workers create the ""wow"" experience for guests of quest."
food service | cook - catering - cashier - kitchen utility
"for any inquiries, please send us an email to the address below."
"for more information on the athenaeum, please visit the athenaeum's website https://www.athenaeumcaltech.com/"
"for caltech information, please visit caltech at a glance: http://www.caltech.edu/content/caltech-glance"
"for consideration for this position, please complete an online application."
"for high volume veterinarian clinic and animal shelter. duties include greeting clients, answering phones, general customer service with a proactive mannerism. cashier duties include balancing a cash drawer, entering transactions into register and computer, sort/count currency, issue receipts and invoices, process credit card and check payments. applicants must have a strong background handling money and cashier responsibilities. must be able to multi-task in a fast paced environment and have a high level of dedication and personal responsibility. ideal candidates will also be detail-orientated, dependable, honest and a team player. bilingual a plus."
for immediate consideration reply to this post with your work history!
"for immediate consideration, please apply directly on our website: https://externalsp-spplus.icims.com/jobs/xxxxx/cashier/job"
for interview please text xxx xxx xxxx
"for kitchen, assembles sandwiches, cooks meat, cleans when it is not busy. working overnight between the hours of xpm-xam everyday including weekends."
"for more information about skills for chicagoland’s future, and to view additional roles skills is currently placing unemployed/underemployed job seekers into, visit www.scfjobs.com."
functional competencies:
functional responsibilities:
greeting and seating customers
"green’s expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. improper interference with the ability of green’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge."
"green’s provides equal employment opportunities (eeo) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. in addition to federal law requirements, green’s complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. this policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training."
greet all customers and provide them with prompt and courteous service or assistance.
"greet all customers and provide them with prompt, courteous service and assistance."
greet all customers politely when they enter the restaurant
greet all customers visiting you location
greet and acknowledge every customer as they enter and exit the store and as they approach the front end.
greet and acknowledge every guest with a smile
"greet and assist customers, answer incoming calls and inquires."
greet and assists customers while anticipating their needs
greet and be available to customer for customer service related issues.
greet and engage customers.
greet and make all guests feel welcome at the restaurant
greet and seat customers
greet and serve customers with good service
greet and serve customers with quality drinks and services.
greet and service guests as you complete workload with minimal guest disruption
greet burger king guests.
greet customers
greet customers and answer phones
"green’s natural foods is a neighborhood store, passionately committed to clean, natural foods; dedicated to health and sustainability and devoted to customers who care deeply about the foods they eat."
"greenstar co-op is committed to being an organization free from discrimination. we seek out, welcome and celebrate people with diverse identities to participate in our community-owned cooperative business structure."
greet customers and collect entry fees.
"greater seattle, wa"
graveyard (required)
great attitude and able to smile often
great benefits
great command of english both written and spoken
great communication and people skills
great communication skills
great communication skills and strong work ethics
great communication skills. education/experience:                                                 x-x years related experience.
great compensation
great customer service skills
"great customer service skills- friendly, positive attitude! * flexible availability, including weekends * ability to operate our cash register while following company procedures * the ability to take direction * basic math skills * no lifting restrictions * reliable transportation * enjoy working in a neat and organized manner * consistent work history"
"great for xnd income, students, and retirees"
great neighborhood tacos
great pay $xx.xx/hr + tips (can reach up to a top rate of $xx/hr)!
great pay + tips for all team members!
great people skills
great perks include:
great schedule
great training and development programs
greet customers and assist in matching their need with the relevant person or department.
greet customers and determine nature of their visit
functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
"greet guests and determine the number in their party. seat guests by finding a clean, available table; pulling out chairs; placing clean/current menu in front of guest, etc. guide guests through the dining rooms and provide any needed assistance. move and arrange tables, chairs, and settings and organize seating for groups with special needs. ensure place settings are appropriate and each guest has a napkin, clean silverware, and any other item that is part of the standard place setting. check menus to ensure they are current, clean, plentiful, and wrinkle-free. maintain cleanliness of work areas throughout the day, practicing clean-as-you-go procedures. monitor dining rooms for seating availability, service, safety, and well being of guests."
greet guests and provide them with menu information
greet guests as they approach
greet guests as they enter restaurant or drive thru.
greet guests in a professional and friendly manner
greet guests in an enthusiastic way
greet guests to make them feel comfortable and welcome
greet guests upon arrival
"greet guests with a warm, sincere smile"
"greet guests, making them feel welcome. operate cash register taking payment from customers. maintain the front house keeping service areas clean and stocked with product. monday-friday"
greet incoming and departing guests warmly with a genuine smile and eye contact; escort them to assigned dining area; putting them on a waiting list as necessary; announce waiter's name
greet incoming customers immediately whenever possible
greet our guests and make them feel welcomed
greet our to-go & curbside delivery guests and make them feel welcomed
"greet, assist, and engage customers in a friendly manner on the checkout line."
"greet, interact and engage the visitors"
"greet, welcome, and acknowledge guests"
"greeter primary: processes guest orders at the register, simultaneously pours beverages, answers questions about our menu, and keeps the front counter area clean and organized."
"greeter secondary: restocks the ice bin, lemons, and mint, dries clean tumblers and glassware, preps milkshakes, and adjusts credit card tips."
greeting and engaging customers.
greet guests and provide great customer service
greet guests and answer questions.
greet customers and treat patrons with courtesy
greet guest upon arrival at counter
"greet customers at the cashier window, answering customers' questions, and providing information on procedures or policies."
greet customers coming into the store.
"greet customers entering and throughout the store. thank customers by name, when possible, when they are leaving the store."
greet customers entering duane reade location
greet customers entering establishments / thank them while exiting or closing out their order
"greet customers entering to the location,"
"greet customers immediately, in a courteous and friendly manner."
greet customers in a friendly and enthusiastic manner.
greet customers when arriving or leaving the store;
greet customers when entering or leaving establishments
greet customers when entering or leaving establishments.
greet customers when entering or leaving our establishment
greet customers when entering or leaving the store
greet customers with a smile and eye contact.
"greet customers, establish eye contact with customers."
greet customers.
greet each customer in a warm and friendly manner
greet each guest as they enter and leave the restaurant. they are family treat them as such!
"greet every guest with a friendly, helpful and courteous attitude and smile"
graveyard (preferred)
grand opening of dairy queen. hiring full time & part time positions!
grand central market in downtown la
"general operations – assists with omnichannel efforts as needed. assists with recovery, put backs and fitting room maintenance as needed. participates in annual inventory processes"
"general property maintenance (sweeping, weeding, shoveling, salting)"
general purpose
general purpose:
general qualifications:
general responsibilities:
general short order cookery knowledge
general summary
"general work activities: under the supervision of the snack bar supervisor, the cashier is responsible for operating the pos/cash register in dining service area to ensure accurate transactions and a smooth flow of customer traffic."
"generally in an indoor setting; however, may supervise outside activities and events."
generate cash related documents and account reports.
generates creative ideas and solutions.
generous employee discounts
generous employee discounts on lunch & shopping
generous paid sick time policy (up to x days per year!)
generous store discounts
generous vacation time & x paid holidays for eligible employees
get along well with others and be a team player
get customer signatures on all repair orders and warranties as instructed
get hired immediately at our hiring event with walk-in interviews
"general operations – assists with the productivity standards program processes. participates in annual inventory processes. assists with recovery, put backs and fitting room maintenance as needed."
"general merchandise full time, xx hours/week*"
goodwill of the finger lakes and its subsidiaries encourage diversity in the workplace; we are an equal opportunity employer.
general merchandise
funkensparkle™ experience in fast casual dining.
further opportunity for advancements
"gabriel kreuther, a michelin-starred restaurant with x stars from the new york times, is currently hiring sales associates for kreuther handcrafted chocolate, a luxury chocolate shop which features gourmet chocolates and european-inspired pastries created by gabriel kreuther's executive pastry chef, marc aumont. we are currently seeking motivated individuals with retail and food service experience for this unique opportunity!"
gameroom attendant
"gardena, ca (required)"
garnish and serve food according to specs.
gas station: x year (preferred)
gasoline tank inventory (stick readings)
"gemini motor transport, one of the industry’s safest trucking fleets"
"general administrative support + data-entry utilizing ms office programs, internet, and dealer management system"
general cleaning and maintain working environment.
"general courtesy requires you to clean up after yourself, don't leave it for someone else. high school graduate or equivelant"
general description
general filing job requirements
general function
general knowledge of all point of sale equipment. processes customer sales accurately and efficiently in compliance with company policies and procedures. performs till balancing as per company procedures at the start and end of each shift. ensures cash drawer levels are maintained in compliance with company policies and procedures.
general math skills
general math skills required
general math skills to allow for cash accounting.
get payment and complete transaction
getting in the ground floor of a rapidly expanding small business
getting the restaurant ready to open and or close for the day
getting there:
"good customer communication, good customer service, willing to work o.t. organized."
good customer service
good customer service /respectful/ responsible/ punctual/ good communication skills
"good interactive skills with employees, supervisors, referral sources, and consumers"
good judgment and strong sense of integrity;
good knowledge in math and basic english reading & writing
good listener
good math skills
good math skills are required.
good math skills for counting money and providing correct change
good multitasker.
good organizational skills
good phone and customer service skills
good under pressure and keeps a positive attitude at all times
"good under pressure. you don’t fold and get overwhelmed easily. instead, you prefer chaos so you can kick its butt."
good verbal and written communication is required as well as good math skills and problem solving skills.
good verbal communication skills
good verbal communication skills.
"good working knowledge of food quality, hygiene and sanitation, kitchen safety and food preparation"
good communicator.
"good communication, organization, and interpersonal skills to establish and maintain effective working relationships with co-workers."
good communication skills.
"go! go! curry! is a quick service, traditional japanese comfort food restaurant offering high quality, traditional japanese curry from the ishikawa prefecture, known as kanazawa curry. hours of careful preparation go into our deeply satisfying food that we're able to serve our customers in minutes…with your help!"
give directions and is knowledgeable of surroundings to inform customers of various locations in the city.
give yourself a competitive advantage by applying to this role through skills for chicagoland’s future (skills). skills is a nonprofit organization that partners with organizations across the chicagoland area to place unemployed and underemployed job seekers into companies. these employers are committed to hiring talent through skills.
gives attention to detail and follows instructions.
gives directions to customers to various locations in the city.
glendale across the americana at brand
"glendale galleria, glendale, ca"
go to our website: www.amerivents.com
go up and down stairs.
"golden corral restaurant co-worker positions consist of bakers, buffet attendants, bussers, catering, guest experience attendant, grill, fry, and hot cooks, line, local store marketing coordinator, host/cashier, prep person, prostart intern, meat cutter, utility person, and servers. opportunities may vary based on location and if a current position is not available at a location in which you are interested, your information will be retained for future consideration."
"good communication skills, organizational skills and math skills required."
"golden corral restaurants are currently accepting applications for the opportunity to join our team with our family buffet restaurant chain with nearly xxx company and franchise restaurants located in over xx states.come be part of our team while contributing to our vision 'to be the leader in the family restaurant segment by making pleasurable dining affordable to every guest, at every restaurant, every day.'"
golf galaxy is an equal opportunity employer.
"gong cha today is one of the most recognized bubble tea brands around the world. known for quality tea and service, gong cha has withheld its reputation against many existing competitors."
good at communicating professionally and effectively.
good at getting details correct
"good attitude, willingness to learn and accept feedback"
"good attitude, willingness to learn and accept feedback."
good communication skills a must
hours: varied
"hours: xx hours per week, part-time,"
"housekeeping – keeps counter areas clean, neat, stocked and organized."
knowledge of craft beer and wine
knowledge of dealership organization in order to appropriately route callers or customers
knowledge of food handling and sanitation procedures.
knowledge of food sanitation procedures.
knowledge of foodstuffs is essential with some food production experience necessary.
knowledge of gaming industry and/or cage cashier operation preferred.
knowledge of gaming or cage operations preferred.
knowledge of general accounting principals
knowledge of general bookkeeping procedures
knowledge of guest service fundamentals and experience building a guest first culture across the store
knowledge of menu items and service procedures.
knowledge of microsoft office
knowledge of office administration and procedures
knowledge of products and services of the company.
knowledge of proper serving protocols.
knowledge of regulatory standards and compliance requirements
"knowledge of running a cash register, and credit card machine transactions"
"knowledge of safety, sanitation and food-handling standards and practices."
knowledge of store policies and procedures
"knowledge of store, services, and locations of merchandise."
"knowledge of current vegan-food trends (preferred, can be trained)"
knowledge of basic mathematics
knowledge of the food industry
knowledge of basic computer use
"kidd valley is an equal opportunity employer and participates in the e-verify program, which is the electronic system established by the department of homeland security (dhs) and the social security administration (ssa) to verify newly hired employees' identity and employment eligibility."
kimmel student center - temporary assignment pay range
kitchen attendant (must be at least xx years of age)
kitchen staff and front end cashier needed for busy caribbean restaurant in brooklyn!
"kneel, bend, twist or stoop"
know all relevant standard operating procedures and pass required assessments or activities with xx% or higher.
"know and follow all standard canyon market cash handling procedures (discounts, check acceptance, house charge, gift certificate, etc.)."
know and upsell the current specials.
know each store employees areas of expertise to assist customers.
know our menu inside and out to answer any guest questions
know the location of all merchandise in the store so that you can promptly and correctly direct them to the area of the store with the items they are seeking
know what it's like to be in the stadium on game day?
"know what it's like to be in the stadium on game day? then you know what it's like to work at buffalo wild wings. it's fun. it's fast-paced. and when our fans get revved up, it's electric. wings, beer, sports thats who we are with xx draft lines with a ever changing craft beer lineup. if you have"
"knowing and following all restaurant policies, procedures, and requirements."
"knowledge and comprehension of safety, sanitation, and food handling procedures."
knowledge and skills:
knowledge in bowling is a plus
knowledge of and support of the “porter program” policies
knowledge of appropriate telephone techniques and etiquette
knowledge of surrounding city area and attractions
knowledge of the retail industry
learn and adapt to current technology needs
ktm mini mart is looking for full time and part time staff. no experience is needed. ktm mini mart is a fast paced convenience store that has a very busy food business. applicants with open availability are preferred. our hours are x days a week from xam to xxpm.
la grange park ace hardware]
labor day weekend only schedules available!
landmark diner/high-quality food & service.
language skills
language skills and reasoning ability:
language skills:
"language skills: ability to read, write, and verbally communicate effectively and professionally with other business departments, guests, and vendors. ability to diplomatically deal with difficult situations and people, while exhibiting a consistent level of professionalism."
"lateral opportunities to gain additional experience in operations, catering, training, and/or marketing"
"laz parking is an equal opportunity employer. in all our employment practices, including hiring, we are firmly committed to provide equal employment opportunity (eeo) to all persons, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age, genetics, vietnam era, special disabled, recently separated and other protected veterans, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. no question in our application process is used for the process of limiting or excluding any applicant's consideration for employment on such grounds."
"laz parking is one of the largest and fastest growing parking companies in the country. laz operates hundreds of thousands of parking spaces across the country. when it comes to parking, we’re the experts!"
lbk la pizza napoletana in studio city is seeking a front of house person with a passion for costumers service to join our team. this is a part-time position. we are a tight-knit team who appreciate a person with a positive attitude with an ability to work well with others in a fast-paced environment.
lea oak park is a small family owned business that uses sustainable high quality produce. we make our bread from scratch daily in our bakery.
"lea oak park, a french cafe and restaurant, is looking for a barista/ cashier for evening and weekend shifts. responsibilities include making and serving coffee drinks, taking orders, and clearing tables."
lead by example personnel
lead cashier
"lead cashier reports to: general manager summary: lead cashier shares in the overall responsibility for generating maximum sales potential through upholding high customer service standards, maintaining store appearance, keeping merchandise filled to the appropriate levels on the sales floor and minimizing shortages. although this is not a management position, the lead cashier has a limited level of authority to conduct specific management register functions to assist store management on a daily basis. overall responsibilities"
lead cashier should be scheduled for peak volume shifts. only able to perform lead cashier functions when specifically scheduled as a lead cashier shift.
lead cashier/ cafe attendant (tuesday – saturday day) saturday supervisor/food prep
lead role in training and coaching other cashiers on aeo customer first behaviors and technical/functional skills needed to positively impact sales and meet established goals.
kualifications:
"korin is the fast-growing company in the retail industry. for over xx years, korin japanese trading corp. has been an industry leader in the import and distribution of fine japanese chef knives, tableware and restaurant supplies to japanese, american restaurants and hotels. we have served thousands of commercial clients and chefs in the united states, canada and around the world. our goal is to choose and create the right products to enhance our customer's cuisine and brand. now, we are seeking a person who have a good work ethic and passion in the retail industry to join our cashier team."
"knowledge of weights, measurements, volume, date and labeling and cooking procedures as well as basic math skills for cashiers."
korean (preferred)
knowledge of when to be flexible and switch gears
"knowledge, education, skills & abilities"
"knowledge, skill and ability"
"knowledge, skills and abilities:"
"knowledge, skills and experience:"
"knowledge, skills, & abilities"
"knowledge, skills, and abilities"
"knowledge, skills, and abilities required"
"knowledge, skills, and abilities:"
"knowledge, skills, and abilities: • must be able to read, speak, write and communicate effectively at the work location."
"knowledge/operational skills of coin counter, coin wrapping machine and currency counters preferred."
knowledge/skill
knowledge/skills/abilities provides prompt and courteous customer service.
knowledgeable of all menu and product information
knowledgeable of the restaurant menu
knows and follows position responsibilities as they relate to just-in-time delivery.
"knows and lives by the x pillars of l.e.g.e.n.d.s everyday through service, teamwork, continuous improvement, change, and fun"
knows the menu items and prices.
knows what is on buffet for the day and has a full knowledge of menu and prices.
"kidd valley hamburgers, the home of delicious made-to-order burgers and classic hand-mixed shakes, is currently seeking shift managers to work various service positions (such as cashier or counter person) and oversee closing shifts at our green lake location at xxxx green lake way north in seattle."
kid check attendant
"keyboard familiarity with the ability to type at a minimum of xxx key strokes (xx words) per minute. preferred skills knowledge of microsoft word, excel, access and powerpoint."
join the goddess and grocer team in the cashier position – apply today!
"join the lettuce entertain you family! our xxx+ restaurants are nationally recognized for great food and service and as great places to work. we hire and care deeply for people with creativity, passion and the drive to be the best. and we reward our teams with top notch benefits, career-long training and development and opportunities for growth."
join the tutta bella crew at our new counter concept in kirkland urban. we are bringing our traditional wood fired pizzas that made us northwest famous and adding some delicious grab and go items to our new location inside the next generation kirkland urban qfc - right next to their qxx brew pub.
"join us for an incredible opportunity to be a part of the new team for the largest hotel in the pacific northwest! the hyatt regency seattle is now open and recruiting for full time andare kitchen & bar - cashier to provide an incredible experience for our guests! andare kitchen & bar delivers our guests a quick and efficient italian-themed dining experience, while providing an environment that is upscale yet casual. andare cashiers are responsible for recording guest food and/or beverage orders and offering menu suggestions. this position also processes forms of payment for goods and services to include room charges, credit card and cash. andare cashiers are the final point of contact for the experience and have the ability to ensure guest satisfaction. hyatt colleagues work in an environment that demands exceptional performance yet reaps great rewards. hyatt has the best to offer including: free uniforms and cleaning of your uniform, paid vacation and sick leave, medical health care, paid family bonding time, adoption assistance, discounted parking, discounted and complimentary rooms at hyatt locations across the globe, free colleague meals during shifts, up to $x,xxx of tuition reimbursement per year, and many more! when applying for a position at hyatt, you are pursuing an opportunity to join a culture built on caring and attentive colleague who have a passion for providing efficient service and creating meaningful experiences. our values are the guiding principles for our success, giving us the opportunity to open over xxx properties worldwide."
join wetzel’s pretzels in the cashier position – apply today!
join wny’s leading family-owned automotive team @ basil!
"joining the olson’s ace team where our friendly atmosphere, excellent health, dental and vision benefits, paid holidays, merchandise discounts, and a positive management team are just a few advantages that we offer. general summary"
"kainan in kent, wa is looking for one cashier to join our team. we are located on xxxxx xxth ave s. our ideal candidate is self-driven, motivated, and engaged. responsibilities greet customers entering and leaving the business *maintain a clean and tidy work area *accurately process all cash and credit payments *provide exceptional customer service"
"kay jewelers is now hiring seasonal & part-time  team members! do you thrive on building personal relationships that will last a lifetime? join our team today to help our customers celebrate life and express love! your role at kay jewelers: as a part of our sales team you are responsible for providing a superior experience to our valued customers. in addition, you will: * engage customers in conversation to understand their needs and desires * ability to present merchandise and share detailed information regarding features and benefits of products * provide information regarding extended service plans and financing options * meet individual and team sales goals we think you’d be great for this role if you have: * a desire to help our customers celebrate the special moments in their lives * strong customer service, sales, retail and/or jewelry experience * flexible availability to work during “peak” retail hours such as nights, weekends, and holidays * a positive, customer-focused approach in delivering an exceptional customer experience * strong communication and relational skills we put our people first by offering the following benefits: * base pay plus commission on sales * medical, dental, vision and prescription insurance (full-time team members) * xxx(k) * paid time off (full-time and part-time team members) * paid holidays (full-time team members) * tuition reimbursement, including dca courses based on position * training — associate training system, management training system, district manager in training, career development and more * merchandise discounts * incentive trips and contests kay jewelers is part of the signet jewelers family and is an equal opportunity employer committed to promoting inclusion and diversity for all employees. we value integrity, teamwork and offer opportunities for advancement as part of our promote from within philosophy. please know that while we appreciate every applicant's interest in joining our team, we can only contact those selected for further consideration."
keep a clean and organized cash wrap at all times.
keep a clean workplace
keep a clean workspace at all times and follow doh rules and regulations
keep area neat and clean
"keep cashier area neat, clean and well stocked"
"keep coolers, store shelves, and displays fully stocked and fronted at all times."
keep department supplies filled and maintained; keep the register area clean and well-stocked.
keep entire work area clean and sanitary throughout shift.
"keep floors, counters, dining area and restroom clean at all times"
keep management informed of all merchandise-related issues
keep manager or other designated personnel aware of low inventory conditions or spoilage problems.
"join the hirsch team – it’s not just a job, it’s a career! under the direction of the branch manager, the cashier is responsible for all aspects of clerical and office administration functions that include the organization of branch paperwork, data input, cash account record maintenance, professionally and accurately answers, screens, and directs all incoming telephone calls. also, works and interacts with all employees, customers and vendors in a way that models and supports the hirsch values."
join the fun paced world of dunkin!
"key words: restaurant, restaurant, restaurant, restaurant, cashier, cashier, cashier, cashier, cook, cook, cook, cook, prep, prep, prep, prep, manager, manager, manager, manager, supervisor, supervisor, supervisor, supervisor, cashier, cashier, cashier, cashier, greet, greet, greet, greet, host, host, host, host, food, food, food, food, lead, lead, lead, lead, shift, shift, shift, shift"
join the excitement at:
"job types: part-time, flexible"
"job types: part-time, internship"
"job types: part-time, temporary"
joboverview:
john hancock center
"johnnie's new york pizzeria in los angeles, ca is looking for one cashier to join our xx person strong team. we are located on xxxx wilshire blvd #xxx. our ideal candidate is self-driven, motivated, and engaged."
join a high energy team & grow with it!
"join a legendary team at mclendon hardware. we pride ourselves on providing legendary customer service to all of our customers. mclendon hardware is ""where people make the difference."" we seek out positive, energetic people who have the ability to build lifelong friendships and relationships with our customers. our long-time team members are a testament to our commitment of employing folks who want to enjoy what they do, become an expert and join in teamwork to solve problems and provide our legendary customer service to every customer, every time."
"join a team of passionate grill and chillin’ people for an amazing journey to open a new location of a well-loved brand! seeking friendly customer service oriented team members to join us in sammamish. career advancement opportunities. no experience, no worries, we will train you!"
join a winning team!
"join hudson's team as a sales associate at o'hare international airport! bring your passion for customer service to life in this exciting full-time role. perks include medical benefits, cta stipend, and vacation and paid time off hours."
"join otg as a cashier now, and drive a new type of hospitality experience at the laguardia airport. what is otg?"
"join our award-winning team at university of washington medical center (uwmc). among the top medical centers in the united states, and ranked as the number x hospital in washington state, as rated by u.s. news & world report xxxx-xxxx ""america's best hospitals"", uwmc prides itself on compassionate patient care as well as its pioneering medical advances. uwmc is operated by the university of washington (uw) and serves as a training site for uw’s school of medicine. the university of washington is proud to be one of the nation’s premier educational and research institutions. our people are the most important asset in our pursuit of achieving excellence in education, research, and community service. our staff not only enjoys outstanding benefits and professional growth opportunities, but also an environment noted for diversity, community involvement, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits, and natural beauty. as an employee, you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. for a complete description of our benefits for this position, please view this page. uwmc pharmacy has an outstanding opportunity for a full-time pharmacy assistant/cashier (day shifts) to work within the eastside specialty center pharmacy. the pharmacy assistant/cashier will assist the pharmacist in technical pharmacy activities and performs assigned tasks under direct supervision. responsibilities: assist patients with intake of new prescriptions and refills. perform point of sale duties and maintain accurate monetary transactions of cash, credit and check payments. settle daily register transactions at the end of shift and review for discrepancies. delivery of medications to the patient care areas or other areas of the clinic. assist clinic staff with pick up of clinic stock orders and clinic administered medication orders. monitor fax machine for incoming orders and triage appropriately. assist patients with alternate sources of payment if required. perform charging and/or billing functions, including third party payer adjudication. perform daily filing of hard copy prescriptions. answer nonprofessional telephone inquiries and triage calls as necessary. pull xx day prescriptions from will-call area and make day x reminder calls to patients. restock shelves in the pharmacy. check and pull soon-to-expire medications and supplies from the pharmacy shelves. package medications in preparation for shipping. clean designated areas of the pharmacy utilizing established “xs” techniques. maintain patient confidentiality according to uw medical center standards. adhere to uwmc pharmacy services and uw medical center policies and procedures. perform related duties as required. requirements: high school graduation or ged certificate or equivalent education/experience. legal requirement: state of washington pharmacy assistant registration. condition of employment:"
join our team
"join our team at the food hall, opals café, delta café, noodle noodle or room service."
join our team!
"join our team! we are looking for reliable, hardworking individuals to join our growing work family. our cashier position process all cash transactions accurately and efficiently in accordance with established policies and procedures. the successful candidate will play a fundamental role in achieving our customer satisfaction and revenue growth objectives. duties and responsibilities of the cashier will include greeting customers when entering or leaving our establishment, maintaining a clean and tidy checkout area and keeping reports of cash and credit transactions. list of responsibilities"
"join our team! we're looking for a candidate that is energetic with a great attitude, to join our small family business team!"
"join our winning team today and start your ownership journey! winco foods is a family of xx,xxx+ employee-owners, with xxx grocery stores and our own distribution and transportation network operating across xx states in the american west, pacific northwest and southwest. as the low price grocery leader we believe that we make the lives of our customers and employee-owners better and we do it by focusing on the people and communities where we operate. winco foods began in xxxx, in boise, id, under the name waremart, operating stores under the name until xxxx, when the name was changed to winco foods, short for winning company. in xxxx, after a group of senior employees purchased a majority interest in the company, they made the momentous decision to give winco foods employees a real ownership stake. the winco foods employee stock ownership trust (esop) was born, creating what has now become the third largest employee-owned company in the united states. today, winco foods is well known and beloved for its everyday low-prices and engaged employee-owners across our service areas, encompassing xxx stores throughout washington, idaho, nevada, california, oregon, utah, arizona, texas, oklahoma and montana. here’s the best part: the day you start at winco foods is the day you start building your ownership stake! (available at most locations, check the locations summary plan description) providing for your future self – while you may not think so today, the winco foods esop is a path to financial security. think about this: to date, we have more than xxx millionaire employee-owners, with hundreds more close behind! the formula is simple: work hard and the better you do, the better your location does. the better your location does, the better the company does. the better the company does, the better our esop does. you get an annual gift of stock equaling xx% of what you make each year. after six years, it’s all yours, no matter what. (esop available at most locations, check the locations summary plan description) you can own a grocery store! how cool is that? work hard, stay focused and it may just support you for the rest of your life! in addition, winco foods also offers great healthcare at very low cost, career advancement opportunities, paid vacation and sick leave, and competitive wages. so what are you waiting for? apply now! overview"
keep merchandise rotated in accordance with departmental policy and product code dates and pull out all out-of-date merchandise.
"keep refrigerated coolers, store shelves and other displays fully stocked and faced at all times according to tag allocation, product movement or departmental standards."
keep register area free of dust and clutter.
keep the cash register area clean and neat at all times.
"keeps counters and shelves clean and well merchandised, takes inventory, and maintains records. checks in and prices merchandise as required or as directed by store manager or communicated by the shift leader."
keeps displays and display cases stocked and properly turned and faced at all times in accordance with all department standards.
keeps files current.
keeps pastry case stocked.
keeps records and requisition for supplies/equipment as needed.
"keeps refrigerator stocked and product rotated using the first in, first out rule."
"keeps register, counters, floors, shelves and fixers"
keeps the counter and dining area neat and clean.
keeps track of all transactions and makes reports.
keeps work area neat and clean.
"keeps work station clean, safe, and free of clutter."
"kelly's coffee is located inside the beverly hills library and is looking for a worker who can start immediately. we serve sandwiches, salads, coffee, and deserts."
key job function: provide prompt and professional service to customers assist in the store administration and keep the cash area neat and orderly.
key job functions
key outputs/results:
key responsibilities and duties
key responsibilities of a retail sales associate include:
key responsibilities:
keeps cash area neat and orderly at all times
keeps box office area clean and clutter-free.
keeps booth area clean and takes out trash during and after each shift.
"keep the store clean, organized and stocked"
keep the checkout area clean and orderly
keep the counter and dining area neat and clean
"keep the customer experience quick, easy and fun while helping customers uncover the great deals they're looking for"
keep the establishment clean and organized
keep the floor clear of debris and spills.
"keep the front end, including checkout areas and entrance doors neat and clean at all times. face and dust front end."
keep the sales floor clean and tidy.
"keep the stockrooms organized and complete all inventory processes, making sure merchandise is properly checked in and accurately ticketed"
"keep things upbeat, friendly, and exciting for customers."
"keeps assigned area neat, clean and well stocked during assigned shift."
keep track of a cash drawer and ensures it is balanced at the end of the shift
"keep work area clean, organized and stocked."
keep working area clean and hazard free.
keeping a positive and forward-thinking approach to successful business
keeping on top of the ingredients in the salad bar of freshness and quality
keeping track of inventory and reordering when needed
keeping workspace clean and organized
keeps a spark attitude and puts guests first!
lead role in training and coaching other cashiers on under armour’s core competencies and i will behaviors and technical/functional skills needed to positively impact sales and meet established goals.
learn and adapt to evolving technology needs
housekeeping.
"location: hamilton college - xxx college hill road, clinton ny xxxxx note: online applications accepted only."
"location: horace mann school - xxx west xxxth street, bronx, ny xxxxx note: online applications accepted only."
"location: los angeles, ca xxxxx"
"location: lynbrook,ny"
"location: mopop - xxx xth ave n seattle, wa xxxxx note: online applications accepted only."
"location: mount pleasant central school district-xxx westlake drive, thornwood, ny xxxxx note: online applications accepted only."
"location: new york, ny, xxxxx note: online applications accepted only."
"location: peekskill school district - xxxx elm street, peekskill, ny xxxxx. note: online applications accepted only."
"location: premera blue cross-xxxx xxxth st. sw, mountlake terrace, wa xxxxx. note: online applications accepted only."
"location: scarsdale high school - x brewster road, scarsdale, ny xxxxx note: online applications accepted only."
"""                ### 这里和上次一样，跑两次，一次是注释掉这一行，一次是不注释掉，跑两次文件名要改，详情看下面\n"","
"location: seattle university - xxxx e james way seattle, wa xxxxx note: online applications accepted only."
"location: southern california hospital- culver city; xxxx delmas terrace culver city, ca xxxxx. note: online applications accepted only."
"location: suny purchase college-xxx anderson hill road, purchase, ny xxxxx note: online applications accepted only."
"location: swedish covenant hospital - xxxx n california ave., chicago, il xxxxx. note: online applications accepted only."
"location: syracuse,ny"
"location: terrace view ltc - xxx grider st., buffalo, ny xxxxx. note: online applications accepted only."
"location: the culinary institute of america-xxxx campus drive, hyde park, ny xxxxx note: online applications accepted only."
"location: the huntington library - xxxx oxford rd., san marino, ca xxxxx. note: online applications accepted only."
"location: xxnd & madison, across from grand central"
"location: hamilton college - xxx college hill road, clinton, ny xxxxx note: online applications accepted only."
"location: good samaritan hospital, xxx witmer st. los angeles, ca xxxxx. note: online applications accepted only."
"location: xxx n lasalle dr, chicago, il xxxxx note: online applications accepted only."
"location: fresh direct - x st. anns avenue, bronx, ny xxxxx note: online applications accepted only."
location us-il-chicago
location us-ny-bronx
location us-wa-edmonds
location xxx east compton blvd compton ca us xxxxx
location xxx east magnolia boulevard burbank ca us xxxxx
location xxx exterior street bronx ny us xxxxx
location xxx n michigan ave
location xxxx s canal street chicago il us xxxxx
location xxxxx hwy xx edmonds wa us xxxxx
"location, and start date on your resume"
"location: adelphi university - one south ave, garden city, ny xxxxx. note: online applications accepted only."
"location: american express - xxx vesey street, new york, ny xxxxx note: online applications accepted only."
"location: amita resurrection hospital- xxxx w talcott ave, chicago, il xxxxx. note: online applications accepted only."
"location: bothell, wa"
"location: california rehab institute - xxxx century park e, los angeles, ca xxxxx. note: online applications accepted only."
"location: cazenovia central schools - xx emory ave., cazenovia, ny xxxxx. note: online applications accepted only."
"location: community high school district xxx- xxxxx kilpatrick avenue, oak lawn, il xxxxx. note: online applications accepted only."
"location: community hs district xxx- xxxxx south sacramento, alsip, il xxxxx. note: online applications accepted only."
location: evergreen healthcare · food and nutrition services
"location: xxx lawrence street, brooklyn, ny xxxxx"
"location: xxx n oak st. hinsdale, il xxxxx note: online applications accepted only."
learn and describe menu items
looking for a cashier who is fluent in english. also needs knowledge of pos system
looking for a great place to work?
"looking for a highly independent cashier willing to learn the drycleaning industry. employee must exhibit attention to detail, time management skills, and passion to work with the public. clean and professional demeanor is a must."
"looking for a part time barista to join the office coffee family. taking orders, preparing coffee drinks, and making smoothies."
looking for a responsible person who is a quick learner to take orders and serve food to customers. full time or part time position. hiring immediately for weekdays/weekends. please call xxx-xxx-xxxx for more info. no experience required.
"looking for a responsible person. one who is ready for a fast paced environment. training will be provided. duties include taking orders,  packaging orders, and cleaning your station. experience is not required."
"looking for additions to our front of house staff. duties will involve greeting and assisting customers, use of square point-of-sale system to take orders, answering phone calls, food running, barista duties and cleanup."
looking for an experienced cashier
"looking for burrito artists with great customer service skills. energetic, friendly, comfortable in a fast paced environment."
looking for cashiers/food packers and cooks for pollo campero restaurant at xxx e front st plainfield nj xxxxx. positions are full time. please apply in person. applications are onsite.
"looking for dinner shifts x-x pm monday-sunday, also weekends lunch xx:xx-x:xx or dinner x:xx-x:xx pm availability. experience is not required (we are willing to train!) but is a plus. this is an indian restaurant primarily buffet but we also offer an a la carte menu. if this is something that appeals to you please feel free to call amit at (xxx) xxx-xxxx or stop in to the restaurant to fill out an application."
"looking for energetic well spoken friendly pizza cook. must be able to multi task. answering phones, taking food orders, making food orders and light cleaning is required. will pay the right person the right amount! apply in person only please."
"looking for fashion forward,fun, and motivated individuals to join our express family! you must apply at the link below in order to move forward with your inquisition!"
"looking for friendly, dependable, motivated, team oriented individuals to launch our new store with us with opportunities for advancement. pay starts at $xx.xx+ an hour based on ability and experience. flexible schedule available."
"looking for full/part time cashiers. candidates must have knowledge of excel, and have advance typing skills. knowledge of pos systems is a plus, but not mandatory. indqs"
looking for passion people at grand open store
"looking for reliable, hardworking individuals that have great customer service."
"looking for responsible individual with good work ethic, and experience working counter at pizzeria."
looking for responsible individual with great customer service to work the counter and cash register at pizzeria. experience is a plus.
"looking for server who has great customer service skills, flexible schedule and the desire to grow with a company that is a institution in the area.  must have food handlers card and mast card to be considered for position.  this position is part time."
"looking for a deli manager to handle day to day operations of a fast paced deli very fun environment, family owned, well established restaurant and catering"
looking for a cashier to oversee our cafe monday thru friday from xam to xpm! position consists of:
"location: xxxx avenue of americas, xxth floor, manhattan, ny xxxxx note: online applications accepted only."
long-term objectives
"location: xxxx e marginal way s tukwila, wa xxxxx note: online applications accepted only."
"location: xxxx marginal way seattle, wa xxxxx note: online applications accepted only."
"location: xxxx ne xxth street, seattle, wa xxxxx"
"location: xxxx xth avenue, new york, ny xxxxx note: online applications accepted only."
"location: xxxxx santa monica blvd ste xxxx (level x), los angeles, ca xxxxx"
"location: zulily - xxxx elliott ave seattle, wa xxxxx. note: online applications accepted only."
"location:syrcause, ny"
locations:bellevue/seattle/redmond/issaquah/ wa
"loft has a lot to offer from a highly inclusive culture with a focus on women empowerment and a xx% off discount plus sales incentives at all loft, loft outlet, ann taylor, & ann taylor outlets."
"loft has a lot to offer from a highly inclusive culture with a focus on women empowerment and a xx% off discount plus sales incentives at all loft, loft outlet, ann taylor, and ann taylor factories."
"loft is currently seeking a friendly, innovative, client-focused part-time team member/cashier. this person must have weekend availability."
"loft launched in xxxx and today has over xxx full-price and outlet stores in canada, mexico and in over xx us states. loft creates modern, feminine and versatile clothing for a wide range of women with one common style goal: to look and feel confident, wherever the day takes them. from everyday essentials to attainable trends, loft consistently serves up color, print, pattern and novelty that never compromises on quality and fit (from petites to plus to tall to maternity). we connect with millions through loft.com, email, social media and our stores. loft's mission is to deliver to each of them the styles that reflect the world she lives in, because we know there's no one way to look, live or feel great-we embrace them all."
log into foh floor logbook daily
logical and methodical approach to problem solving
logs processed invoices to ensure all invoices are accounted for and completed.
long term disability
long term job security
long term opportunities for growth and advancement
location us-ca-compton
location us-ca-burbank
"location the west hollywood edition, xxxx west sunset blvd, hollywood, california, united states view on map"
leo's bakery & deli is excited to add to our growing company! we are looking for friendly people to serve and cash out our in-store customers. duties and responsibilities for this position include:
less than one year of related experience
less than xx
"lessing's operates xx contract food service locations in education and in business & industry, five main street restaurants, three fine-dining restaurants, fourteen catering facilities, a country inn and five blaze fast fire'd pizza franchises. the company employs more than x,xxx people, and is now ranked in the top xx food service companies in the u.s."
"lessing's operates xx contract food service locations ineducation and in business & industry, five main street restaurants, threefine-dining restaurants, fourteen catering facilities, a country inn and fiveblaze fast fire'd pizza franchises. the company employs more than x,xxx people,and is now ranked in the top xx food service companies in the u.s."
lessing's... a legacy of remarkable hospitality
leverage company tools and technology to confidently provide the customer with product knowledge which will enhance customer engagement and maximize sales.
leverages reporting tools to track individual results and identify areas of opportunity.
lexus of beverly hills is accepting applications to join our team.
lexus of great neck will open its doors in november xxxx!
"liaison between our studios, business vendors and educational institutions."
"license requirement: the individual will only be required to have and maintain a valid state-issued driver’s license, with a current address and acceptable driving record, if the individual is expected to be able to drive a company vehicle or drive on company business."
license/qualifications
licenses & certifications
life and accidental death and personal loss insurance
life and ad&d insurance for eligible employees
life insurance
life insurance for associates and eligible dependents
life insurance options
life/accidental death insurance
less than a week prior
lend a hand where needed to make sure that our show always looks its best.
"location the st. regis new york, x e xxth st, new york, new york, united states view on map"
"lekka burger, a new plant based fast casual concept is looking for a cashier to join the team at their flagship store in tribeca. this is a vegan concept developed in partnership with iconic new york chef amanda cohen of dirt candy. ideal candidate should be outgoing, energetic as well as being an effective team member. position requirements high school diploma"
learn and grow at the chick-fil-a in burbank with multiple tiers of leadership that will provide exciting opportunities for advancement
"learn and memorize a considerable amount of information including plu codes, location of products, check stand and keyboard procedures and company policies."
"learn and utilize in-store specific codes such as: produce codes, food preparation codes, etc."
"learn menu and daily specials, keeping in close communication with management."
learn more about cgi at www.cgi.com .
learn more about landry’s by visiting our website at www.landrysinc.com eoe
learn more about us at www.gascan.com
"learn more about us at www.piroshkybakery.com. by applying to this job, you agree to receive a text message with a link to your profile as well as a text message when an employer has responded to your application."
learn to work a variety of positions within the restaurant
"learn valuable skills from one of the fastest growing, most recognized, and highly praised brand"
"learning about brewing methods, beverage blends, food preparation, and presentation techniques to improve food quality."
"learning and educating yourself about produce, natural foods, local vendors, and food systems is a passion of yours."
learning the menu is the most important thing you will be tasked with.
"learning to accurately and efficiently utilize the cash register system, including completing the drawer reconciliation at the end of a shift."
learning: we constantly seek knowledge and improvements to develop and grow.
legal age (xx+ years old)
"legends is an equal opportunity employer. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, or genetic information. education"
legibly document orders when pos system is inoperative and distribute orders to appropriate manufacturing stations.
lifework / eap resources
lift and carry a minimum of xx pounds
lift and carry cases of wine/liquor (xxlbs and up) and not afraid to climb ladder to restock all day
lift and maneuver objects of varying dimensions and weights up to xx lbs. frequently and perform repetitious work accurately.
listening - understands and learns from what others say.
"listening and responding to guest inquiries using a positive, clear speaking voice"
lithia learning center
little to no cash handling (all orders paid for online)
live fresh food theater.™
live the island life
live with gratitude
loading the delivery vehicle from a staging area
local candidates preferred
"locally owned since xxxx, we are growing and looking to bring on additional motivated and talented individuals onto the team. we offer competitive pay, benefits, and mutual employer-worker respect platform. we are also looking for individuals who would like to grow with us!"
locally owned vegan restaurant is looking for career driven cooks who are ready to take their career to the next level. we are offering an opportunity to showcase your skills and help expand current operations. if you enjoy teaching and learning then this position is for you. knife skills necessary. cashier experience preferred. position starts at minimum wage + tips. please respond to this email with career goals and work history.
locate low merchandise items from the back room and restock them on the sales floor.
located in a comfortable indoor area with infrequent exposure to temperature extremes and loud noises. there may be occasional exposure to cleaning agents.
located in tanger x suite xxx
"located in the albany international airport, wolfgang puck express is a brand new restaurant that attracts anyone looking for a delicious yet decently-priced meal. we are currently looking to fill the positions of cashier. some cash handling experience is preferred, but we are willing to train! here's what we are looking for:"
"located in the front of nacional xx, tallboy taco offers river north an assortment of great tacos and other specialties for both lunch and dinner in a quick, casual and funky environment."
"located in the port of long beach, the queen mary features a rich maritime history, authentic art deco décor, and stunning views of the pacific ocean and long beach city skyline. at the time of her maiden voyage in may of xxxx, she was considered the grandest ocean liner ever built. today the queen mary is one of los angeles’ major attractions, drawing visitors from around the world. the queen mary boasts xxx staterooms spanning three decks including nine full suites which have hosted a variety of colorful characters from world war ii leaders to british royalty and the stars of hollywood’s golden era. the ship also features xx,xxx square feet of event space in xx remarkable art deco salons as well as a tri-level, xx,xxx-square-foot exhibit hall; signature restaurants including the award-winning sir winston’s and chelsea chowder house & bar; and a selection of retail shops. history buffs enjoy the ship’s museum and behind the scenes tour, while guests of all ages love the ghosts and legends tour and special events such as scottish festival, dark harbor, and concerts that are hosted on or by the ship throughout the year."
located on xxxx broadway new york ny xxxxx
"location : towne mini - xxxx main st. williamsville, ny xxxxx"
"listen to and resolves customer complaints, suggestions, and inquiries"
"line management and checkout standards – proactively shifts resources to checkouts based on observed fluctuations in store traffic. reduces wait times during peak traffic periods by utilizing mobile point of sale, satellite registers and expeditor stations. partners appropriately to stock all impulse futures and to identify checkout supply needs."
"line management & checkout standards – supports the line management process by proactively shifting resources to support increased traffic. monitors checkout standards are being followed and met. proficient at point of sale processes; including mobile check out. oversees cleanliness, signing, supplies and organization of checkout stations."
"lifting and holding bulky and large-sized merchandise, up to xx lbs"
"lift and transport xx-xx-pound bus tubs/trays, dining chairs, booster seats, and high chairs"
lift and/or move up to approximately xx pounds frequently
lift approximately xx pounds
lift up to xx lbs.
lift up to xx lbs. occasionally.
"lift up to xx pounds, bag items the customer is purchasing, assist customers to their vehicle if needed, ensure all items are paid for. cashier assistants must also be able to wrap gifts neatly. people skills will be required to ensure customers have an all around pleasant shopping experience. all team members of the wine shop must be xx years old or older. stew leonard's wines and spirits of yonkers is an equal opportunity at will employer and does not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of age, race, religion, color, disability, sex, sexual orientation or national origin."
"lift, turn and handle books up to x pounds"
"lifting - be able to lift up to xx lbs occasionally, xx lbs rarely with assistance"
lifting up to xxlbs. and pushing and pulling carts up to xxxlbs.
line cook: x year (preferred)
"lifting, pushing, and pulling up to xx lbs."
lifting: frequent lifting of items weighing up to xx lbs.
light cleaning of facility
light dishwashing
"light equipment maintenance (pumps, lighting, machinery, etc.)"
"light work. exerting up to twenty (xx) pounds of force occasionally, and/or up to ten (xx) pounds of force frequently, and/or a negligible amount of force constantly to move objects."
likes to cook & clean
limited spots open.
job types: part-time
"job types: full-time, temporary"
"job types: full-time, part-time. salary: $xx.xx /hour."
immediately notifies the manager in charge of any food safety risks.
"immediately report any damages incurred, and any claims of damage incurred reported by customer to their vehicle, and/or complete an incident report."
immediately reports safety hazards and violations.
immense training and growth opportunities we conduct pre-employment drug testing. eoe for more information please contact: jobs@avifoodsystems.com
"impark / reef parking is one of the largest parking management companies in north america. we have xx years of experience, and currently operate parking facilities in more than xxx cities across the united states and canada. our business continues to prosper and grow. as a result, we are looking for exceptional people to join our workforce. people who are committed, ambitious, and eager to learn. people like you."
impark is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer – minorities/females/veterans/individual with a disability/sexual orientation/gender identity
impark is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer – minorities/females/veterans/individual with a disability/sexual orientation/gender identity back share
impark is currently looking for a full-time cashier to work at our operation in staten island.
impeccably executes all operational policies and procedures and maintains brand standards.
"imperial parking or “impark” is north america’s largest parking operator with over x,xxx employees. our goal is to continue to develop and expand both our company along with the lives of our customers and employees."
"imperial parking or “impark” is one of north america’s largest parking operators with over x,xxx employees. our goal is to continue to develop and expand both our company along with the lives our customers and employees."
implements company asset protection procedures to identify and minimize profit loss.
"implements the full, clean and straight (fcs) policy."
important disclaimer notice
important disclaimer notice:
"improve service, standards, cleanliness, quality, and friendliness – provide legendary hospitality!"
"in a friendly, proactive manner."
"in a perfect world, you are all of the things we've mentioned already and then some. in the real world, you might have worked one of these jobs before:"
"in accordance with seattle minimum wage laws, the starting wage for this position is $xx.xx; once medical benefits are elected, the wage will be adjusted to $xx.xx. this is a fully benefitted position. benefits include: medical, dental, and disability insurance; holiday, vacation, and sick pay; xxxk retirement plan; merchandise discount; employee assistance program; and a subsidized bus pass."
"in addition to a $xx.xx/hour wage and a xx% employee discount on days worked, we offer a relaxed work environment with a casual dress code and flexible scheduling."
"immediately notifies the manager in charge of any guest accidents or injuries, and follows established procedures."
immediately advise store manager of any maintenance problems.
"in addition to a rewarding career, sprouts offers a comprehensive program to help support you and your family. these programs include:"
immediate openings for all shifts for cashiers/sales associates. our cashiers are the face of paris baguette; they provide friendly and fast service to our customers. we take pride in our work and in our products. we provide excellent service and products to our customers.
if you need to create an email please visit https://www.google.com/gmail/about front end shift supervisor duties & responsibilities other duties may be assigned:
"if you think you’d be a great addition to the team, apply now! full and part time positions. food prep-cashiers"
"if you think you’re the one we’re looking for, then don’t hesitate and apply today!"
"if you wanna join our team for a career move, or to make some pocket cash while you pursue your dream passion, we'd love to meet you. who knows, you might fall in love with us and join our mission to bring better eating to the world!"
"if you want a career at a progressive company with a long-standing commitment to people, join our caring and creative team."
"if you want an exciting job with one of the largest off-price retail stores in the nation, join the burlington stores, inc. team as a cashier! are you a people person with an outgoing and friendly demeanor? can you think on your feet in a fast-paced and demanding environment? do you enjoy the satisfaction of positively impacting someone’s day? if so, this may be the right role for you!"
"if you're interested, send resume"
"if you're ready to work with our amazing team, apply today!"
"if your answer is yes, ivar's restaurants is now hiring seasonal cashiers for our t-mobile park and centurylink field concession stands, with a starting pay of $xx per hour. these part-time jobs will be scheduled during regular season games and special events at the stadium, and cashiers will be responsible for greeting guests, ringing up orders, and serving food and drinks."
"if you’re a motivated and enthusiastic person who enjoys working collaboratively and is committed to providing great service for our members, we want to hear from you. bj’s offers a fast-paced, team environment with great training opportunities and competitive salary and benefits packages to help you succeed."
ig: @bohemialosangeles
"illinois/chicago food handler certification, or the ability to become certified within xx days of employment."
immediate eligibility and vesting for xxxk plan with a company match of $x.xx per dollar up to x% of annual salary begins upon enrollment
immediate eligibility and vesting for xxxk plan with a company match of $x.xx per dollar up to x% of annual salary begins upon enrollment.
immediate hire
"immediate job openings for city barbeque in chicago, illinois area. fast-casual restaurant serving daily smoked on-site meats and scratch made sides. city barbeques foh positions include:"
immediate need for lube and service technicians
immediate opening!!
"immediate openings available- cashiers needed for a busy liquor store located in newburgh, ny. responsibilities will include processing customer purchases, maintaining customer information, light cleaning of the entryway and register area, answering the phone and maintaining an accurate register drawer. full time and part-time positions available. all schedules will include day, evening and weekend (saturday or sunday) shifts. must have experience with pos system. must be reliable. apply in person or submit a resume using the apply now button."
"in addition to a $xx.xx/hour wage and a xx% employee discount on days worked, we offer a relaxed work environment with a casual dress code and flexible scheduling. many of our buyback temps enjoy the experience so much that they come back for most rushes!"
"in addition to a rewarding career, sprouts offers a comprehensive program to help support you and your family. these programs include: competitive pay"
"job types: full-time, part-time, temporary, internship, contract, commission"
inbound (stocking)
include the following. other duties may be assigned. customer service
including weekends
increasing store sales
incredible customer service skills & the ability to help maintain a customer focused culture
"incumbents work in an office environment with moderate noise levels, controlled temperature conditions, and no direct exposure to hazardous physical substances. incumbents may interact with staff and/or public and private representatives in interpreting and enforcing departmental policies and procedures."
"independent, responsive and trustworthy"
"indi chocolate is the bean to bar chocolate maker of pike place market with their factory, cafe, and gathering space located in the heart of seattle. the space is beautiful and bright, where people can look inside the chocolate factory to see how single origin cacao beans are transformed into delicious dark chocolate bars. in addition to dark chocolate and chocolate confections, indi chocolate has differentiated chocolate products and serves specialty coffee and innovative beverages and food in their cafe."
"indi chocolate provides equal opportunities for everyone that works for us and everyone that applies to join our team, without regard to sex or gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, pregnancy, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, any service, past, present, or future, in the uniformed services of the united states (military or veteran status), or any other consideration protected by federal, state, or local law."
individuals interested in this position are required to complete and submit the following:
industry-leading wages
"infiniti of lynnwood is in search of a very important part of any business, a receptionist. you're the face of infiniti of lynnwood. you're the first person and last person our clients see and interact with. if you like people and like to and are able to create pleasant conversation, please contact us!"
inform customers of their bill and ask if they will pay in cash or through credit card
inform customers of their bill and ask if they will pay in cash or through credit card.
inform customers of their bill and ask if they will pay in cash or throughcredit card.
inform immediate supervisor promptly of all problems or unusual matters of significance.
inform kitchen manager immediately of product shortages.
inform management of any and all needs for repairs and maintenance
inform management when merchandise returns need to be put away.
informative about smoke products and services
"include but are not limited to the following, as additional duties and responsibilities may be assigned."
in-restaurant training
"in addition to competitive pay, we offer health benefits and store discounts that can be used at any of our stores. bring your talent to us! apply today! you'll have the opportunity to join a team that takes pride in our amazing company culture. share your commitment to excellence with us, and be a part of our culture of teamwork, creativity, inspiration & fun. you will enjoy an environment where you are encouraged and inspired to develop yourself professionally and personally, where you are celebrated and motivated, and where we promote wellness through healthy living to enhance your quality of life. come see for yourself! event network is an equal opportunity employer."
"in xxxx, kreation began as an organic café serving a mediterranean-persian cuisine on montana ave. in santa monica by marjan sarshar."
"in addition to completing an online application, please attach a resume and cover letter."
"in addition to the essential job duties stated above, the ability to handle job stress and interact effectively with others, including guests and co-workers, are essential functions of the job. the work environment includes flashing and flickering lights, moving mechanical parts, and loud noises."
"in addition to the other duties described herein, each and every team member has the following responsibilities related to compliance with laws and regulations: attend required training sessions offered by the casino."
in an x-hour work day: standing/walking x-x hours.
in charge of welcoming guests
"in columbus circle, manhattan."
"in order to maintain a clean, safe environment to ensure the store is presentable; be able to position self to properly clean and maintain store equipment/products and areas including but not limited to coffee, fountain drinks, deli, customer seating areas, restrooms and shower stalls in accordance with company standards."
"in order to perform the basic job duties, you must be able to do the following with reasonable or no accommodations:"
"in partnership with store leadership, assist in opening and closing procedures per company policies and guidelines."
"in partnership with store management, assist in opening and closing procedures per company policies and guidelines."
"in restaurants with order kiosks, answer questions and otherwise assist guests with using the kiosks."
"in return, we offer competitive wages, great benefits, and an associate discount! citarella is an equal opportunity employer (eoe)"
"in return, we offer:"
"in the absence of a courtesy clerk, cashiers will bag groceries appropriately."
"in the fast food business our fast food crew member/ cook positions are responsible for preparing, packaging and delivering our great food to customers and are a critical link to the success of the company."
"in the role of food service cashier, you will ensure the service and the intake of revenue through the retail operations. further, you will be responsible for the general appearance of the dining areas. you will represent the hospital through hospitality rules of the hospital, as well as, assist handicapped persons at their request. you will communicate to the management of the department any adverse comments regarding the services and assist in special catered affairs."
in this role you can expect to:
"in this role, you have the opportunity to create a great lasting impression for the customer by providing exceptional service at the cash wrap. as a key member of the team, in addition to completing customer transactions, you’ll help find solutions to customer’s needs and suggest additional products to complement their purchases. our global house-of-brands inspires and empowers youth culture. relentlessly committed to fuel a shared passion for self-expression, we create unrivaled experiences at the heart of the sport and sneaker communities through the power of our people. if you want to be a part of something bigger than you can imagine, you’ve come to the right place. to learn more about the incredible impact we’re making on both our local and global communities, click here!"
"in xxxx, john montagu, the fourth earl of sandwich, had his hands full, literally. as first sea lord, he commanded the mighty british navy, was a noted explorer, and also a dedicated gambler with a love of day long card games."
if you need to create an email please visit https://www.google.com/gmail/about cashier- temporary duties & responsibilities other duties may be assigned:
"if you love making hungry people happy and thrive in a busy, team-oriented atmosphere, you should work at charley's. you'll get competitive wages, flexible scheduling, and a bunch of other cool benefits. did we mention that you get to work with charley's delicious, mouth-watering food? 'nuff said. your application is waiting for you."
"if you know how to speak nepal, that is a plus"
https://www.facebook.com/evanstoncarwash/
https://www.facebook.com/playdatecafebayside
https://www.facebook.com/proformbeautysupply/
https://www.facebook.com/ubookstoreseattle/
https://www.jimfalkbeverlyhillslexus.com
https://www.wabagrill.com/careers
https://youtu.be/d-wrxxphlxk?list=pllrkxnasmqnlzdxu qx-cxzgxxwmxxpjn
https://youtu.be/lxbsxwyluny?list=pllrkxnasmqnlzdxu qx-cxzgxxwmxxpjn
"hudson group is north america's largest specialty travel retailer. for xx years hudson group has led the way and prides itself in knowing what matters in travel retail. as airports and transportation terminals have evolved, so has hudson group, striving to bring sophistication and convenience to today's traveler."
human resource
husky sales associate
"hyatt is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, age, religion, disability, veteran status, genetic information, citizenship status or any other group protected by law."
i would ultimately like someone to have at least a year of sales/cashier service in the retail industry.
ideal candidate will have:
"ideal candidates are driven to succeed, learn, and provide exceptional customer service."
"ideal candidates for the hospitality professional role will have a high degree of professionalism, maturity, and willingness to work hard. key competencies required for this role and future success with chick-fil-a xxnd and madison include: a growth mindset, emotional intelligence, critical thinking, strategic and systematic thinking, creativity, and entrepreneurial spirit. candidates seeking to eventually be selected for a leadership role should be volunteering for extra assignments, taking responsibility to grow and get better, demonstrate strong critical thinking and analytical capacity, and consistently demonstrate a servant’s heart and attitude that focuses on the team and others first."
ideal candidates for this position will have hospitality experience and enjoy interacting with guests. experience in a fine dining environment is preferred.
"ideal candidates will have: - knowledge of retail environment - integrity and honesty - effective interpersonal and communication skills - ability to work as part of a team and build relationships - ability to learn quickly - ability to deliver excellent customer service - ability to strictly follow health and safety guidelines - regular and punctual attendance and will arrive to appropriately groomed, dressed and ready to work - ability to perform the duties inherent in other positions - patience in dealing with customers and employees"
ideal candidates:
ideal cashier loungers:
https://www.facebook.com/havencafeny/
https://www.charleys.com/
"if you have these qualities, we would love to meet you! please include a brief description about yourself and your resume to schedule an interview"
https://jobs-express.icims.com/jobs/xxxx/store-associate---riverhead/job
how do i apply?
how do you know if this is the right job for you?!
how many hours do you want to work per week?
how many hours does this role offer?
how many years of barista experience do you have?
how many years of management experience do you have?
how many years of relevant experience do you have?
how many years of retail experience do you have?
how often you may travel:
"how to apply: drop off your resume at our store location or email us through our website. remember to include your contact phone number, email, and availability"
how to apply: https://secure.entertimeonline.com/ta/yaso.careers?careerssearch
hs diploma or better
hs diploma or equivalent required.
http: //issaquahjobs.hrmplus.net
http://albanyairport.com/about-alb/jobs-careers
http://officecoffeenyc.net/
http://www.aldogroup.com/club-elite.html
http://www.pleaseapplyonline.com/charleys
http://www.sujobopps.com/postings/xxxxx job posting date
identification requirements.
identifies and introduces new ideas and solutions to create efficiency in the operation.
identify all food items so customer can be charge properly.
identify and communicate any accounting related issues to management promptly.
"if you are interested in this position, please submit your resume with following information:"
"if you are interested, please fill out this questionnaire: https://forms.gle/ixuzokvnyfduehjxx"
"if you are interested, please send us your resume, cover letter and your expectation of hourly pay rate to info@alstudioart.com"
"if you are looking for an opportunity to work for a fast- growing auto dealership family, victor chevrolet & victor chrysler dodge jeep ram is for you! we strive to make every customer a customer for life. happy employees make happy customers, and we reward individuals who are ready to work hard and stay motivated."
"if you are passionate about quality products and high levels of customer care, and want to grow your career, we invite you to complete our application process and look forward to discussing your interest and future at uncle giuseppe’s marketplace."
if you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
"if you describe yourself as a team player, enthusiastic, possess a high level of integrity and the willingness to make a significant contribution, we invite you to apply for this opportunity."
"if you enjoy an upbeat, positive work environment, and can deliver amazing customer service with a hundred-watt smile, avo taco is the place for you! we are a new fast-casual brand with a big background and we are looking for hospitality rockstars who will take pride in being able to offer our customers delicious food while also creating genuine moments of connection with our guests – making a difference in their day. big possibilities lie ahead for you - to grow as a person and in your career. it’s truly all waiting here for you at avo taco. our ideal team member will have a fun and outgoing personality and will welcome all guests to the avo taco brand. benefits include:"
"if you enjoy working in a creative, fast-paced environment, then we would love to hear from you!"
"if you enjoy working in a fast-paced, fun-paced environment that is challenging and allows you to apply your personality and skills in a variety of ways, becoming a crew member for a dunkin’ donuts franchisee is a great career choice. our team is committed to making our guests’ day by serving them with a great product, a smile, and heck, maybe even a joke or two. everyone on our team, from our franchisee to our manager to our crew member, works together and takes pride in doing a good job. if you are ready to roll up your sleeves and work with a winning team, this is the right opportunity for you."
"if you feel like this describes you, please respond to this listing. we will review your application and contact you for an interview if we are interested in having you join our team!"
"if you feel that this is something you are able to do, and are ready to work in an engaging and friendly environment with even friendlier guests, feel free to apply!"
"if you have a passion for inspiring people and a flair for fresh food, consider applying for a job at sprouts! with a focus on customer service, our neighborhood grocery stores offer high-quality, farm fresh produce, natural meats, plenty of scoop-your-own bulk goods and much more in a fun, friendly, old-fashioned farmer’s market setting. come grow your career in healthy living with a fast-paced, rapidly growing company and teams that pride themselves on empowering others along their journey."
"if you have a passion for inspiring people and a flair for fresh food, consider applying for a job at sprouts! with a focus on customer service, our neighborhood grocery stores offer high-quality, farm fresh produce, natural meats, plenty of scoop-your-own bulk goods and much more in a fun, friendly, old-fashioned farmer’s market setting. come grow your career in healthy living with a fast-paced, rapidly growing company and teams that pride themselves on empowering others along their journey. the above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed by people assigned to this work. this is not an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, and requirements. sprouts’ management reserves the right to amend and change duties, responsibilities, and requirements to meet business and organizational needs as necessary."
"if you have a positive attitude and a love for learning, you may be interested in joining our team! job summary:"
"if you have any questions regarding employment opportunities, we invite you to email us so we can discuss further."
if you have any questions you can contact nick @ xxx-xxx-xxxx
if you have are dependable and have a professional appearance and business attitude please send resume to dhoward@towneauto.com.
"if you have experience with artisan coffee & tea blends it is a plus, however if you do not you will be trained."
"if you are interested in becoming a key player on the green lake kidd valley team, you can apply today by using any of the following options:"
"if you are interest to apply, submit your cv"
"if you are dedicated, passionate, committed, and looking for opportunities to enhance your skills and expand your knowledge within a world class team, then this is the place for you. introduce yourself with your resume and a short cover letter to learn more."
if this sounds like something you can do please send resume and cover letter- indicate why you would be a great addition to our team and what sets you aside from other applicants.
identifying and evaluating customers' needs
"if a great day at work for you is one where you bring a smile to the face of everyone who walks through your door, come and join our team!"
"if any of these job opportunities interest you, please send your resume to info@bestbuyliquors.com"
"if interested, please email resume or past work experience."
"if multi-tasking, creative marketing. sales & quick thinking is your strength, then this could be the job for you!"
"if the state or local municipality requires a salesperson license for this position, you must either be licensed or pass the requisite licensing exam within sixty (xx) days of starting employment in this position."
"if the state or local municipality requires a salesperson license for this position, you must either be licensed or pass the requisite licensing exam within sixty (xx) days of starting employment in this position. lowe’s is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law."
if this is you get in touch!
"if this sounds like something you would be interested in, then you may be a great fit!"
"if you are creative, curious, and take pride in your service skills, we’d love to see if you are the right fit for our team!"
"if this sounds like something you'd like to be a part of, read on! if not, but you have a friend/co-worker/roommate/spouse/barista who seems like a good fit, please pass along."
"if this sounds like something you'd love, we encourage you to apply!"
"if this sounds like something you’d like to be a part of, read on! if not, but you have a friend/co-worker/roommate/spouse who seems like a good fit, please pass along"
"if this sounds like you, send us your resume! please include in your email: availability, phone number, and the best time to contact you if we have questions or would like to set up an interview with you."
"if this sounds like, you, we would love to hear from you! please submit your resume and apply here."
"if we feel like you're a great fit, we'll be in touch to set up an interview. we look forward to hearing from you! why should you apply?"
"if you are a former charlotte russe employee, we encourage you to apply and be part of the reinvention."
"if you are a personable individual with strong phone skills and a great work ethic, join the new country team! we are seeking a full-time receptionists to work at our dealership. we serve elite clientele and you must always be prepared to provide them with outstanding customer service in all circumstances, and to handle challenging client issues with the diplomacy needed to ensure that they remain loyal customers. you will also develop and maintain good working relationships with colleagues in every other department of our dealership."
"informs each customer of current offers, programs and events."
"informs each guest of current offers, programs and events"
"informs each guest of current offers, programs and events."
job description:
"job descriptions are used for informational purposes only, are not to be considered all inclusive of responsibilities within a position, and may change periodically with or without notice. in addition, we reserve the right to add, delete, change duties, formally or informally, verbally or in writing, at any time for any position. job descriptions do not alter the at-will policy of the company, meaning that the employee or employer can terminate employment at any time, for any reason, with or without cause."
"job descriptions are used for informational purposes only, are not to be considered all inclusive of responsibilities within a position, and may change periodically with or without notice. in addition, we reserve the right to add, delete, change duties,formally or informally, verbally or in writing, at any time for any position.job descriptions do not alter the at-will policy of the company, meaning that the employee or employer can terminate employment at any time, for any reason,with or without cause."
job details:
job duties and requirements for the cashier position include:
job duties and responsibilities
job duties and responsibilities may vary by location and employees may be assigned additional duties than those listed above.
job duties and responsibilities:
job duties include but are not limited to:
job duties include:
job duties:
"job duties: the list below best represents many of the tasks you will be asked to perform at some time during your employment at windham mountain. this list of duties is not intended to represent all of the tasks you may be asked to perform, however windham mountain will never require you to perform a task that is inherently unsafe or that you are not adequately trained to perform."
job expectations
job expires
job family (series)
"job function(s): retail love’s travel stops & country stores is the industry-leading travel stop network in the united states. for more than xx years, we’ve provided customers with highway hospitality and “clean places, friendly faces.” we’re passionate about serving drivers with clean, modern facilities stocked with fuel, food and supplies. we offer meals from popular restaurant chains, trucking supplies, showers and everything needed to get back on the road quickly. the love’s family of companies includes:"
"job functions will include, but are not limited to:"
job functions:
job introduction
job location: middletown ny
job description: retail sales associate / cashier
job description – cashier - dining services
"it is an extraordinary time to be in business. as digital transformation continues to accelerate, cgi is at the center of this change—supporting our clients’ digital journeys and offering our professionals exciting career opportunities."
job description of deli associate
it requires a lot physically and mentally
it would be even better if you:
it's this camaraderie and team spirit that makes working here so rewarding. there are plenty of other rewards for full or part-time employees too. like:
"it's time you worked for someone who will give you the tools to learn, grow and be what you want to be - both personally and professionally. we're looking for hard working, enthusiastic individuals who want to be a part of a winning team. if you enjoy working with people and love to learn new things, we want to meet you. as a crew person, you may be responsible for greeting customers with a smile, taking accurate food orders, preparing all of mcdonald's world famous food, cleaning the restaurant, and partnering with other crew and managers to meet target goals during your shift. mcdonald's is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. this job posting contains some information about what it is like to work in a mcdonald's restaurant, but it is not a complete job description. people who work in a mcdonald's restaurant perform a number of different tasks every day, and this posting does not list all of the essential functions of this job. requirements:"
itemize and ring into the register all food and beverage item purchased by each customer and ensure accuracy of total
"ithaca, ny (preferred)"
"it’s all about our clients. that’s where you come in, to guide her on her beauty journey. it takes energy and confidence and teamwork. it takes authentic passion…not just about product, but about making a client’s day through teaching, inspiring, and playing—together. it takes skill, which sephora goes above and beyond to instill in our associates through unparalleled training. you bring the passion, we’ll teach you everything you need to know. your role at sephora:"
"it’s great being part of a culture where entrepreneurship and team spirit are not just buzzwords. if you love working with a great group of people and desire the opportunity to grow, this is the place for you."
"ivar's is an equal opportunity employer and participates in the e-verify program, which is the electronic system established by the department of homeland security (dhs) and the social security administration (ssa) to verify newly hired employees' identity and employment eligibility. key words: food, food, food, food, restaurant, restaurant, restaurant, restaurant, sports, sports, sports, sports, stadium, stadium, stadium, baseball, baseball, baseball, baseball, soccer, soccer, soccer, soccer, football, football, football, football, concession, concession, concession, concession, restaurant, restaurant, restaurant, restaurant, greet, greet, greet, greet, host, host, host, host, cashier, cashier, cashier, cashier"
"jack in the box is currently hiring for team members in your area. we’re looking for friendly, customer oriented individuals with good math, reading, writing and verbal communication skills. as a cashier you will:"
"jaguar land rover hinsdale has a fantastic opportunity to join our team as a customer service representative / cashier for our lifestyle accessory boutique. the full-time schedule is monday through friday, x:xx am to x:xx pm."
jaguar land rover hinsdale offers:
japanese (preferred)
jersey mike's
jewelry not allowed
job area: food & beverage cashier stations
job area: ticket window stations
job category food and beverage & culinary
job class: front of house operations/hospitality
job objective: answering a multi-line switchboard and cashier with a high level of professionalism and courtesy. greet customers and assist the sales department with administrative support and needed information to ensure a smooth transition of the sales process with a high level of professionalism and integrity.
job overview for the positions includes:
job overview may include:
job overview:
"job summary: the cook's helper provides support services for cafeteria, production, and or patient care areas. positions include but are not limited to grill, cashier, deli, salad bar, nutrition services aid, pantry aide, and catering. responsibilities include, but not limited to: x. preparation and serving of sufficient hot and cold food for patients, cafeteria and catering and/or mini deli areas. x. replenishing food and supplies in cafeteria, catering and/or patient food service areas. x. setting up catered functions and delivering coffee. x. cashing and keeping cash records. x. setting up, opening, and closing of cafeteria and/or mini deli. x. delivering and picking up tray carts on nursing units. x. delivering patient menus."
"job summary: to maintain a high level of presentation and cleanliness while pricing, stocking and rotating merchandise in any department; to maintain neat, clean and visually appealing departments: to provide our customers with accurate, friendly and efficient checkout service; to accurately scan items, collect proper payment; and to provide proper change if necessary; and to perform other tasks as required in an efficient and safe manner, within company policy. essential job functions: performance of the essential functions of this position require the team member to possess the minimum qualifications listed above. these functions include, but are not limited to, the following:"
job tasks include:
job title: cage cashier
job title: cashier summary: operate cash register to itemize and total customer purchases. job functions & functional task elements
job title: f&b cashier
job title: general cashier
job title: hospitality team member/cashier - am shift
job title: hospitality team member/cashier - evening/pm shift
job title: hospitality team member/cashier - lunch/afternoon shift
job title: tickets cashier
job training and career development.
job type: full time
job type: full-time & part-time opportunities available
job type: full-time/part-time
job type: part-time with potential for full-time
job type: temporary
job types: full-time
"job types: full-time, part-time, temporary"
"job summary: providing a fast and friendly experience to the stores’ customer when operating a cash register; while charging the customers accurately and working efficiently. to perform stocking and other duties, as assigned, depending upon the amount of time available, business volume, and other criteria according to company policy; to ensure that the work shift contributes to the financial best interests of the store."
"job summary: provide excellent customer service in a team environment in order to drive sales and encourage customer loyalty. process transactions on the cash register to include cash handling, opening and closing (balancing) of registers, processing returns, selling gift cards, and offering molbak’s rewards program to every customer. maintain a strong presence on the selling floor. engage customers and offer multiple purchase suggestions. restock and maintain merchandise displays as needed, all while keeping the store safe and neat for the optimal customer experience."
"job summary: lia toyota rockland is seeking a part time receptionist/cashier to join our team. if you’re looking for a fast-paced, professional, and positive environment that rewards hard working, reliable, and team-oriented individuals, this is the right place for you!"
job responsibilities include
job posted xx/xx/xx. applications will be accepted until the position is filled. qualified applicants should send resume with cover letter and employment application to hr@artcenter.edu and reference “tool crib part-time” in the subject line. applicants responding to posted job openings are asked to include a completed employment application with the application materials listed in the job posting. qualifications
job posting – retail sales associate
job purpose
job purpose:
job qualifications
job qualifications:
"job requirements * high school diploma or equivalent or equivalent experience. * must possess the ability to multi task and perform repetitive tasks accurately. * ability to perform transactions by use of basic math skills. * previous computer and money handling skills preferred. * must be able to stand, walk, squat, bend, twist, lift, kneel, and climb. * must be able to lift up to xx pounds. * fine manipulation of the hands required."
job responsibilities
job responsibilities include:
"job summary: cashiers may work in the capacity of food presenter and/or greeter. employees typically start as food presenter and can work up to the greeter position once they have mastered proper food presentation and carrying techniques, burger lounge key words, sauce protocol, and efficient circulation of the dining room. greeters must be able to demonstrate a thorough understanding our menu and pos (point of sale) system, including all register dialogue. cashiers are often our guests first impression. together they provide a warm welcome, serve as menu experts, take guest orders, answers questions, present food and maintain a clean dining room at all times. work schedules fluctuate based on business need, requiring employees to work days, nights, weekends and holidays."
job responsibilities:
job responsibility:
job seekers will see your post in search results:
"job segment: seasonal, retail"
job specific qualifications
job specific requirements:
"job summary and mission this position contributes to the success of juice press by providing customer service to exceed customers' expectations. this job is vital to our success for our company by providing customers with prompt service, quality beverages and products, and maintaining a clean and comfortable store environment. all team members are expected to model and acts in accordance with juice press policies. summary of key responsibilities responsibilities and essential job functions include but are not limited to the following: acts in a responsible manner that promote the culture, values and mission of juice press."
it is what you make it!
"it is also important that you display a positive, helpful demeanor, and a commitment to providing the best in customer service. while performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly exposed to moving mechanical parts, as well as an office environment. the employee is occasionally exposed to extreme cold and extreme heat. the noise level in the work environment is moderately loud. should be able to tolerate high and low temperature levels and occasional inclement driving conditions."
informs guest how long it will take to have order complete.
insurance based on full-time work status
insurance programs
"integrity: we are honest, fair, and accountable for our actions. we acknowledge our mistakes and build trust through our character."
integrity: we do the right thing at all times
intensity – proactively find ways to improve the customer experience; show the confidence and courage to do what’s right; take action with energy and urgency. about jcpenney:
intensity – proactively finds ways to improve the customer experience; shows the confidence and courage to do what is right; takes action with energy and urgency about jcpenney:
"interact with co-workers in order to ensure compliance with company service standards, company inventory and cash control procedures."
interact with customers in order to ensure superior customer satisfaction.
"interact with guests in a friendly manner, do whatever it takes to make them happy! learn one regulars name each week!"
interacting genuinely and naturally with the customer
"interacting with customers, staff, and management"
"interacts with customers and resolves customer complaints in a friendly, service-oriented manner."
interacts with customers in the serving and dining areas.
"interacts with customers in the serving, retail and dining areas."
interacts with customers in the servingand dining areas.
interest in golf preferred
interest in golf preferred click here to review our rewards & benefits information interviews by appointment only.
interested? email us your resume for next week interview.
intermediate computer skills including e-mail and microsoft office
internal employee referral bonus available we make it easy!
insurance benefits for eligible staff members
insurance and xxxk for full-time employees (eligible after one-year anniversary)
it can also be fun
instill trust
"informs the manager in charge of all sales, cash or operating discrepancies."
informs the manager when the money in the drawer needs to be taken to the safe to reduce the risk of robbery.
ingredients and basic allergy questions.
initial and continuous exclusion and sanction/disciplinary monitoring
initiate and complete customer transactions quickly and accurately through the drive thru.
initiates and participates in store recovery as needed throughout the day
initiates completion of tasks or activities without necessary supervision
initiative on assigned bar duties
initiative.
innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
innovative: consistently introduces new ideas and demonstrates original thinking
input order into point of sales system- cash register.
input orders on pos
inspect all toolboxes and bags before customer exits for any parts not paid for.
"inspect all toolboxes and bags entering the facility for parts, and mark all parts."
inspecting washed and pressed clothes.
inspects workstations for compliance with service standards.
instagram:https://www.instagram.com/dough zone dumplinghouse/
internal upward leadership opportunities
"international marine products is an equal opportunity employer and offer competitive benefits package after probation: group insurance (health, dental, vision, life), vacation & sick leave etc."
international marine products is currently hiring a staff accountant. the ideal candidate should have excellent communication and general accounting experience.
interpersonal - gets along well with a variety of personalities and individuals.
"is proactive in ensuring the needs of all customers in the store are met, works in collaboration with colleagues to create a seamless experience"
is solidly numerate.
is this you?
issaquah school district job description
"issue change, receipts, or gift receipts"
issue chips and token to customers for cash.
issue interchanges for specific parts.
issue receipts and count back change to customers
"issue receipts, refunds, change or tickets"
"issue receipts, refunds, credits or change due to customers"
"issue receipts, refunds, credits or change due to customers."
"issue receipts, refunds, credits, or change due to customers."
issue rush rewards member cards to new guest or returning guest
"issue trading stamps, and redeem food stamps and coupons (if applicable)."
issues receipts to customers.
"issues receipts, or change due to members."
issues refunds or credit memorandums to customers for returned merchandise or as directed by the management team.
issuing in and out of tools and materials using web checkout
"it all started with $x,xxx and a dream for ben and dorthy haggen and doug clark when they opened their first store in xxxx in bellingham, washington. for over more than xx years, haggen has been passionate about serving our customers with freshness and quality—that’s why we continuously strive to cultivate talented, dedicated associates who share our passion for bringing guests the freshest, local products possible with genuine service while building a sustainable local food economy and supporting our communities. we’re a local neighborhood grocer who strives to sustain partnerships with our local farmers, ranchers, fisheries and businesses that supply our stores to bring the very best to our community markets. we are proud to offer fresh, local produce, sustainable seafood, fresh meat, a scratch made bakery, a vibrant delicatessen and a wide assortment of organic, gluten free, local and specialty items."
"is not authorized to review, organize and assemble the final nightly media, including the identification of exceptions and issues. must be completed by a member of management."
"is motivated, hardworking, driven to succeed and flexible"
is flexible with regard to schedule requirements and available to work during the hours required by the business
inventory control: x year (preferred)
interpret and execute directions and requests on banquet event order forms.
interpret and execute floor plans and guidelines
"intricate knowledgeable proper preparation and recipes of coffee and teas, herbal remedies, grab & go menu options and more"
introducing promotions to customers
"introducing tacocita - bicos hospitality's newest upscale fast casual concept! ready to become pasadena's best new taco shop - the menu will be stacked with mexican favorites that you crave but can't find anywhere else; like smoked cochinta pibil, sonoran-style carne asada, vegetarian chorizo, and even the all-day breakfast burrito. the team at tacocita brings their experience from running gus's bbq to the table, incorporating wood-smoked items with a heavy focus on tacos and whole smoked chicken, balanced with a rainbow of salsas. with food this good, you'll want to stay a while in the completely renovated space that will include an outdoor patio, plenty of natural light, and colorful wall murals. we are perfecting our final recipes and putting on the final touches. we are now hiring for cashiers and greeters. experience is preferred but not required. come be a part of the opening team and shape the culture and flavor of tacocita from the ground up. please reply to this ad to apply. we are not currently able to accept walk-in applicants. we look forward to meeting you!"
inventories and restocks supplies and food products.
inventory and cash controls
inventory as needed.
"inventory supplies and goods with supervising manager, when necessary"
is directly responsible for ensuring cash drawers have the correct amount of cash.
inventory — xx%
invite every customer to take our online survey.
involve store staff in accomplishing store goals
"involves close vision, color vision, depth perception, and focus adjustment."
is able to communicate effectively to a variety of clientele.
is able to lift xx lbs.
is always aware of the importance of guest service and with working with other team members and demonstrates such by always completing guest/team member transactions as accurately and efficiently as possible.
is always aware of the importance of transactions performed accurately and is conscientious of repetitive procedures and the effect accuracy has on shift end balancing.
follows company service standards with every guest.
follows company service standards with every customer.
commission available
deliver impeccable hospitality to our guests and your fellow teammates
deliver memorable guest experiences
"deliver perfectly prepared and presented food, ensuring that every guest item meets mcalister’s’ standards; check back within x bites to ensure guest satisfaction."
"delivering a checkout experience that is quick, professional, and friendly."
delivering food
delivering product purchases to the customer appropriately
"delivering sales, outstanding customer experience, and operational expectations"
delivering supplies and returning supplies following lunch using personnel carrier.
delivering to commercial locations
delivering to residential locations
delivers customer service to exceed customers' expectations by responding to their needs with a sense of urgency.
delivers legendary customer service to all customers by acting with a customer comes first attitude and connecting with the customer. discovers and responds to customer needs.
"delivers, when necessary, food to staff, students and catering events."
delivery driver
delivery driver: x years (required)
"demonstrate a culture of ethical conduct, safety, and compliance"
"demonstrate a culture of ethical conduct, safety, and compliance."
"demonstrate a high level of organization, attention to detail and sense of urgency."
demonstrate a mastery of the register system
"demonstrate a professional, enthusiastic, and friendly attitude at the first point of contact with any potential client/customer."
deliver in a x mile radius
deliver impeccable customer experience through service and in-stock conditions in the department.
"demonstrate ability to genuinely interact with customers to show passion, knowledge, dedication, and commitment in their sport or activity"
deliver exceptional guest service on each and every shift.
decision maker with ability to work independently
"dedicated to family, community and each other"
dedicated to providing outstanding customer service and received numerous outstanding customer comments
dedicated: devoted to a task or purpose with loyalty or integrity
dedication to quality
deep knowledge of firearms
"definition under general supervision, coordinates communications and information to meet student needs for registration fee policies, in accordance with state, federal, and local laws and regulations, and college policies and procedures; leads cashier's office personnel engaged in fee collections and related transactions. coordinates the preparation, maintenance, and processing of account receivables, payments, refunds, and student accounts; maintains accounting and financial records. supervision received and exercised receives general supervision from the associate vice president, fiscal services or designee. may provide technical and functional direction and training to assigned staff. class characteristics this is a journey-level and specialized classification that performs a variety of professional and technical duties in support of student account activities and other college transactions in the cashier's office. the incumbent coordinates daily processing, record-keeping activities, and reporting requirements in accordance with federal, state, and local laws and regulations. successful performance of the work requires extensive knowledge in financial record keeping, cash handling procedures, and student records management.   essential duties/major responsibilities:"
"degrees, licensure, and/or certification:"
deli clerk | deli worker | cashier | counter person | counter clerk | service manager | manager | restaurant | counter | key holder | restaurant job | restaurant employment | restaurant careers | restaurant management jobs | restaurant manager jobs | line cook | restaurant management job | restaurant management jobs | restaurant manager career | full service restaurant | restaurant manager | prep cook | assistant manager | bar manager | foh manager | restaurant jobs | panera bread | restaurant management | restaurant management careers | restaurant management | manager | kitchen manager | fast food | assistant manager | burrito | general manager | restaurant manager | general manager | managers | part time | restaurants | restaurant | chipotle | dining | cabo fresh | cashier | cook | grill cook | prep cook | fry cook |
deli manager-must have experience.
deli prep cook | cashier $xx
deli worker - prepares fresh salads and sandwiches
"deli/food service - our deli department is designed to deliver delicious. with high quality deli meats, freshly made salads and picnic-worthy sandwiches, we attract even the most discerning lunch and dinner crowd. if you are interested in slicing, dicing and enticing, a career in deli is for you. we offer many different positions ranging from part-time clerks with flexible hours to full-time department managers."
deli: x year (preferred)
deliver a positive customer experience and achieve daily sales goals.
deliver deposit for armored car pick-up on a daily basis: confirms armored car pick-up.
"deliver easy and seamless service to all order pick up, drive up, registry, and photo guests."
"deliver excellent customer service with a positive, professional attitude"
deliver exceptional customer service by greeting and establishing a rapport with customers while informing them of our products and services
demonstrate a thorough understanding of all the menu offerings
"demonstrate ability to genuinely interact with customers to show passion, knowledge, dedication, and commitment to hunting, camping, and/or fishing"
dental plan
demonstrated collaborative skills and ability to work well within a team
demonstrated customer service experience.
"demonstrated excellent time management, organization skills and attention to detail"
demonstrated expertise in every aspect of store operations
"demonstrated intermediate skills in office software, specifically: microsoft (ms) word, ms excel, and ms outlook."
demonstrates a complete understanding of menu items and explains them to guests accurately.
demonstrates a sense of urgency and timeliness.
"demonstrates an understanding of completing front line transactions by accurately cashing in chips, payroll checks, personal checks (sets up account when required), comchecks, markers, consolidates markers, redeem/sell gift certificates and exchanges foreign currency."
demonstrates complete understanding of department policies and procedures
demonstrates consistently high standards of personal grooming in accordance with zegna uniform and grooming standards and guidelines
"demonstrates interpersonal and communication skills, both written and verbal"
demonstrates knowledge of the brand and menu items
demonstrates patience in dealing with customers and team members.
demonstrates respect for all members of the team by creating positive and genuine relationships.
demonstrates strong customer service and interpersonal skills.
demonstrates strong skill set in suggestive selling techniques for add on sales.
demonstrates the behavioral and technical competencies necessary to effectively complete job responsibilities.
"demonstrates the following knowledge, skills, abilities, and attitudes:"
demonstrating a positive attitude and providing recommendations you genuinely feel your guests will enjoy
demonstrating genuine hospitality while greeting and establishing rapport with the guest and delivering an exceptional dining experience by :
demonstrated collaborative skills and ability to work well within a team.
demonstrated cash handling experience.
"demonstrate an extensive knowledge of the pollys brand, menu, current promotions; able to educate guests on menu items and identify ingredients."
demonstrated ability to work in a fast‐paced and deadline‐oriented environment.
demonstrate an overall knowledge of programs and operations within the department.
"demonstrate courtesy, respect, friendliness, and professionalism always"
demonstrate effective written and verbal communication skills
demonstrate kindness
demonstrate magic selling skills
"demonstrate our sephora values of passion for client service, innovation, expertise, work-life balance, respect for all, teamwork, & initiative we think you’d be a great for this role if you have:"
demonstrate product and operational knowledge and perform well during high volume periods.
demonstrate professional image and conduct
demonstrate strong communication skills
"demonstrate teamwork through soliciting assistance from associates in other departments as needed, to provide the best possible education to our customers."
demonstrate teamwork with-in store and company
"demonstrate the ability to be organized, to work independently and with the team to provide the highest quality shopping experience, all while maintaining the overall appearance of the front end; returning items to the floor when needed."
demonstrate the ability to seek improvement.
"demonstrate the understanding necessary to complete all front window transactions by accurately counting and redeeming gaming chips, redemption of gaming vouchers from slot machines, check cashing, creating new guest accounts, printing and paying out credit card cash advances, issue and consolidate guest counter checks (markers) and exchange foreign currency."
demonstrate working knowledge of menu
demonstrated ability and strong desire to provide high standard of customer service with enthusiasm and energy.
demonstrated ability to communicate effectively with athletes and store team.
demonstrated ability to manage a money handling process and train lower level cashiers on duties and workflow.
"demonstrated ability to perform the technical requirements of the job. physical requirements: x.perform frequent to continuous repetitive fingering, grasping, reaching and hand/arm motions while standing the majority of the shift."
"deal with customers, greeting them etc"
"daytime, night and weekend hours available immediately."
current food handlers card. our preferred vendor is servsafe.
"currently hire cook and cashier, part time of full time are welcome."
curry! and our menu on the phone.
"customer care is the primary responsibility. will complete transactions and monitor other transactions conducted by associates, will provide assistance when needed. will ensure a smooth and enjoyable customer transaction, i.e. take sensors off, fold merchandise, bag merchandise, etc. is responsible for all transactions for all customers and employees which may include: signing off on checks over $xxx, performing post voids and no sales, returns and /or exchanges, price adjustments (i.e. discounts, price overrides), and when necessary, sign off on d&d tags. will request from the store manager if assistance is needed on a transaction. will report any suspicious activity to the store manager immediately."
"customer experience: greet all customers promptly and courteously as they enter the store. direct customers throughout the store or to the specific area the customer requests. find out the specific needs of each person that enters the store. give accurate and current information about the product for all inquiries; if the correct information is not at hand, do everything possible to provide an answer before the customer leaves the store. understand and effectively communicate the return policy. maintain a positive and cheerful attitude and cooperate with teamwork. apply the above standards to all phone inquiries."
customer first attitude
customer focus
customer focus - builds and maintains customer satisfaction with the products and services offered by the organization.
"customer focused, very good cash handling, take pride of job, can lead to other positions with"
customer focused.
customer oriented
"customer oriented attitude, team attitude, positive attitude"
customer satisfaction-oriented
"customer service & sales - acts as a role model for the manager on duty program while directing customer service activities throughout the store. models and holds team accountable for outstanding customer service. greets and assists customers in finding products and partners with other team members when additional help is needed. actively listens to customer issues to resolve problems. maximizes sales and service by ensuring staff is scheduled appropriately, and by managing find more, credit, rewards and gift card programs."
"customer service & sales – greets and assists customers while providing excellent customer service. demonstrates worth behaviors consistently. partners where needed for additional support. actively and enthusiastic engages customer while working to resolve problems and assist with credit, rewards and gift card programs. promotes findmore and other programs intended to drive sales and enhance customer service."
"customer service & sales – greets each customer in a friendly and professional manner. actively listens to customer issues in a calm and agreeable manner to resolve problems. assists with credit, rewards and gift card programs throughout the store. models and holds team accountable for outstanding customer service."
"customer service (smile, good personality, great attitude, etc)"
"customer service - crepe making, serving drinks, chocolate and macaron gift box"
"customer service - make it the best experience for every customer, every time more detail about next of kin part of lx hospitality group"
customer service / cashier - jaguar land rover hinsdale
"current nordstrom employees: to apply, log into workday, click the careers button and then click find jobs."
current food handler certificate
"days, nights and weekends"
current ca food handler’s card.
creating a lasting impression by thanking the customer and giving them a reason to return
creating a xst impression greeting the customer with a smile and eye contact and offering your name
credentials and experience:
credit sales and transaction experience is preferred
crew member
"crew members are responsible for delivering great guest experiences. they prepare products according to operational and quality standards, and serve them with enthusiasm in a clean environment. they work as part of a team to meet our guests’ needs and give them a reason to come back."
"crew members, cake decorator, shift leads, cooks, and treat assembly."
"crew members, cake decorator, shift leads, grill and chill cooks"
"crew person - you don't want to work just anyplace, and you don't want to work just anytime. maybe it's breakfast. maybe it's lunch. maybe it's late nights. maybe it's weekends. whatever it is, you want to be challenged. and have fun. we think we can fit in. for job openings on your schedule, give us a try. flexible schedules"
crews is hiring full time food service attendants/ cashiers for the following restaurants inside lax:
critical attention to detail and organizational skill is required.
critical thinking
cross training with other in store positions
cross-sell products and introduce new ones
cross-selling merchandise to increase purchase amount
"cross-train for various positions, as determined by the manager, and perform the duties and related functions of those positions."
"culantro & basil pho bistro is a newly established vietnamese fusion restaurant. we are looking for a friendly, energetic and dependable individual to join our team."
"curious to find out what it means to be part of a great global team? let’s connect. discover what it’s like to work for a fast-paced, creative and inclusive company."
current ca food handler's card required
customer service and cash handling experience preferred an equal opportunity employer about the queen mary
customer service and cashiering experience is key
customer service and retail sales experience
customer service and/or retail experience
customers to add to their orders.
"customers, clients, and other employees of the organization."
customized individual development plan based on your goals
cutting-edge training
cutting-edge training qualifications
daily balancing and reconciling of cash office account/s and bank deposits.
daily cashier and clerk responsibilities
"daily cleaning of restaurant, store rooms, and equipment, kitchen and public areas"
daily cleaning tasks and checklists are completed
daily duties and responsibilities
"daily set-up, breakdown, and cleanup of their station"
"data entry: invoice, credit memo, debit memo"
data management
"dating back to the early xxxx’s, wilco, a growing retailer, has stood the test of time by maintaining focus on our values and never losing our passion for customer service. wilco is progressive, and unlike the standard “farm store”. with a variety of departments including garden, pet and animal supply, hardware and paint, clothing, and pet grooming (that’s right, pet grooming), partnered with personalized service, our customers consider wilco a preferred retail destination."
"dave’s christmas wonderland is a division of gordon companies, inc., a family-owned and-operated business specializing in holiday, seasonal, and everyday decor. dave’s christmas wonderland is currently seeking a part-time sales associate (weekends and holidays a must) with a positive and motivated attitude."
"david lanci, nexdine ceo nexdine is an equal opportunity employer and participates in e-verify"
days and hours of work vary by schedule. evening and weekend work may be required as schedule demands.
days of operation: monday - saturday. closed sundays.
customer/client focus.
customer-and team-focused attitude
customer service:
customer service or cashier experience.
customer service associates
customer service cashier
customer service experience
customer service experience desired
"customer service experience in a similar or comparable work environment, strong work ethic supported by a pleasant and positive attitude of “can do” success"
customer service experience preferred
customer service focus
"customer service is our number one priority, and the cashier/guest services representative (floater) will be responsible for upholding our high standards of excellence as you welcome our guests. you will help to ensure that our energetic, friendly, hardworking, and warm work environment flows throughout the kitchen and dining room. as a cashier/guest services representative (floater), you have the opportunity to provide an exceptional experience for every guest that walks in our door and leave them with a lasting impression."
customer service orientated/ quality service to all guests of the restaurant
customer service/cash handling: x year (preferred)
customer service representative: x year (preferred)
"customer service representatives/cashiers perform cashiering, retail sales, and customer service duties including:"
customer service skills are a must
customer service skills: x year (preferred)
"customer service – greets customers, acknowledges their presence and provides courteous, efficient and attentive service in a timely manner. identifies customer needs and provides assistance with the handling of large or heavy items when necessary. addresses customer questions and complaints, exercising tact and good judgment, including involving cashier lead, head cashier and/or management, as required, to resolve customer issues."
"customer service, cashier, or related experience."
"customer service, monies, maintanance, waiting on tables"
"customer service, teamwork, quality focus, self-motivated, job knowledge, professionalism, safety management, energy level, multi-tasking, innovation, verbal communication"
dental and eye care options provided
department managers
creates an emotional connection within the store team that translates into sales and ensures that every associate consistently delivers the sunglass hut experience.
"do you enjoy working together as a team to accomplish major goals? join cinemark to utilize and expand your skills! we are dedicated to making the movie experience memorable, one guest at a time. our world class talent creates a warm and friendly culture through shared values."
"do you have an interest in interactive landmarks and want to work for an amazing company that puts its team, partners, guests & our planet first? hudson yards is unlike anything ever built! a living, breathing neighborhood that champions first-to-new york experiences. imagine yourself helping our guests create memorable experiences…now imagine yourself in a fun and rewarding lead cashier role at our newly acquired hudson yards gift store! our story our story begins with extraordinary people. it is a group of creative, detailed and passionate folks that make up our store and store support center teams that truly love what they do – helping further our partner’s missions by creating spectacular retail experiences. event network is the industry leader in experiential and lifestyle retail, proudly delivering unparalleled guest experiences at unique world-class locations in north america. our stores are at many of the most iconic cultural and resort destinations throughout the united states and canada, including zoos, aquariums, museums, science centers, botanical gardens, iconic, traveling exhibitions and other highly regarded cultural institutions. to see a complete list of our partnerships, please visit us at www.eventnetwork.com. the position our people make us pretty great! our friendly and enthusiastic team help create delight and surprise as they interact with guests to deliver the ultimate guest shopping experience. as lead cashier (part-time) you will:"
"do you have commitments outside of this job that would require you to occasionally call out? (castings, photo shoots, performances, classes etc.) if yes, please elaborate."
do you have knowledge of vegan cuisine?
"do you have the basil drive?! dedication, respect, integrity, value, execution"
"do you have the need for speed? do you thrive in a fast paced, energetic work environment that focuses on serving our customers? if so, kx speed is the place for you. as the nation’s indoor electric karting leader and innovator for over the past decade, kx speed does not compromise on the quality and value of the product we offer. through our industrial go-karts and excellent staff, our passion is to show the world how fun karting can actually be. as a front desk cashier , you will exude all the qualities that kx embraces: positivity, cheerfulness, and exceptional customer service. is this you?"
do you love tacos! and have great customer service? then a cashier position with calle tacos is the position for you!
"do you possess great customer service, leadership, team spirit, and are looking for a chance to showcase your talents? we want to hear from you! we’re hiring team members for our burger king restaurants. the team member is responsible for assisting with the daily operations of the restaurant. the team member assists with ensuring that each visit by the customer results in friendly and personalized service with great food that is promptly delivered in a clean and inviting environment."
"do you thrive in a fast-paced & exciting environment? do you have a passion for bringing joy to others? do you want to be part of a company that not only cares for and uplifts their team members but also the community around them? then saratoga casino hotel may be the place for you! we offer highly competitive benefits and wages, opportunities for career growth, all in a fun and unique working environment."
do you thrive in an environment where you can interact one-on-one with your customers?
do you understand that this position requires you to:
"do you want to be part of an authentic, award-winning and legendary bbq team? at famous dave's all team members will learn about their role and our brand utilizing a smokin’, modern online training program! we’ll provide you the training to be famous, all you need to do is bring a great attitude and a love of great bbq! want to be famous? submit that online application and let’s get your bbq journey started!"
"document all void transactions, refunds and change requests, record and report point of sale discrepancies, identify counterfeit money."
"documents and communicates overages, shortages, sales data and technical or price discrepancies, communicating issues to the appropriate managers and departments"
"documents, as well as converse comfortably with customers"
"documents, investigates, escalates and resolves employee or guest incidents"
does not leave terminal unattended unless signed off of the pos system.
"don is an equal employment opportunity employer. all qualified candidates will receive consideration without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, mental or physical disability, genetic information, reprisal, marital status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, or any other non-merit factor. the don provides reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities. how you will be evaluated"
don't miss out on the opportunity to join an amazing company with excellent opportunity for advancement!!!
"dot & dough in monterey park, ca is currently seeking cashiers with high energy, enthusiasm, and is excited about the opportunity to learn and grow in a fast-paced setting."
"do you have a food protection license from the ny dept of health? if not, do not apply."
do you enjoy meeting and talking to new people? does being the face of a company excite you? do you have a passion for delivering an extraordinary customer service experience while working in a fast paced and friendly environment? if the thought of helping people make healthy choices in one of the fastest growing retailers is up your alley – then we need you to join our winning team at sprouts farmers market as a cashier!
dough zone dumpling house
"do you enjoy communicating with co-workers and customers? are you able to manage your tasks while fielding customer and staff questions? do you enjoy organizing products in an aesthetically pleasing way? if so, you might just be perfect for this dewitt stocker/cashier position!"
discounts here and at other local retail stores and service providers
discounts on famous bbq (of course!)
discounts on products and services
discounts on services and parts
"discover different means we embrace each other’s differences and unique perspectives. we consider all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, gender identity and expression, marital or military status. we also provide reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with the americans with disabilities act and applicable state and local law. posting notes: homegoods store xxxx || xxxx dempster || morton grove || il || xxxxx"
discover ways to improve processes.
dishes/cleaning
dishwasher - washing dishes and assisting kitchen staff.
display a positive and outwardly friendly attitude towards all guest. live the mcalister’s touch
display a strong work ethic
"display merchandise in an attractive, appealing, neat and colorful manner."
"display prepared foods, such as muffins, biscotti and bagels."
dispute resolution
distribute and post marketing/informative materials per management
division: finance
"do natural history museums appeal to your wonder and curiosity, and do want to work for an amazing company that puts its team, partners, guests & planet first? be a part of a well-known tourist attraction in new york city – and see why guests from all over enjoy the experience of this cultural institution dedicated to exploring human cultures, the natural world, and the known universe. imagine yourself helping our guests create memorable experiences…now imagine a fun and rewarding retail position at our american museum of natural history gift stores! our story our story begins with extraordinary people. it is a group of creative, detailed and passionate folks that make up our store and store support center teams that truly love what they do – helping further our partner’s missions by creating spectacular retail experiences. event network is the industry leader in experiential and lifestyle retail, proudly delivering unparalleled guest experiences at unique world-class locations in north america. our stores are at many of the most iconic cultural and resort destinations throughout the united states and canada, including zoos, aquariums, museums, science centers, botanical gardens, iconic, traveling exhibitions and other highly regarded cultural institutions. to see a complete list of our partnerships, please visit us at www.eventnetwork.com. the position our people make us pretty great! our friendly and enthusiastic team help create delight and surprise as they interact with guests to deliver the ultimate guest shopping experience. as lead cashier (part-time) you will:"
do not leave register unattended
"do you an interest in conservation and zoos, and want to work for an amazing company that puts its team, partners, guests & our planet first? lincoln park zoo is a world of wildlife in the shadow of skyscrapers. each year millions of guests marvel as they play and learn here. imagine yourself helping our guests create memorable experiences…now imagine yourself in a fun and rewarding lead cashier role at our lincoln park zoo gift store. our story our story begins with extraordinary people. it is a group of creative, detailed and passionate folks that make up our store and store support center teams that truly love what they do – helping further our partner’s missions by creating spectacular retail experiences. event network, llc is the leading premier retailer that proudly operates world-class cultural attraction retail stores throughout north america. our venues include zoos, aquariums, museums, science centers, botanical gardens, iconic, traveling exhibitions and other highly regarded cultural institutions. to see a complete list of our partnerships, please visit us at www.eventnetwork.com. the position our people make us pretty great! our friendly and enthusiastic team help create delight and surprise as they interact with guests to deliver the ultimate guest shopping experience. as lead cashier (part-time),you will demonstrate a mastery of the register system"
"dote’s baristas are responsible for delivering on our company promise to create a welcoming place for the community to relax and connect. this role is responsible for all business execution during their shift including drink making, food service, cash handling, cleaning, display and awesome customer service."
"downey, ca (required)"
department-specific responsibilities:
"duties and responsibilities include, but are not limited to:"
duties include but are not limited to:
duties include:
duties include: cash drawer accountability; assist parking patrons; conducts inventory & security checks of parking lots; provides quality customer service.
"duties include: running the register, replenish condiments, coffee, other beverages and general supplies while maintaining cleanliness of the café"
"duties includes but not limited to: using topaz cash register, assist customers, clean inside/outside store (sweeping, mopping, dusting, clean gas pumps, etc.), snow pushing, clean bathroom, stock shelves, stock and clean walk-in cooler and fridge, handling lottery for customers. checking id for cigarettes, and any tobacco related products, alcohol, lottery purchases; able to detect counterfeit bills. keeping an eye on store. must be able to lift xxlbs. will have to take in deliveries and check orders to make sure all items are accounted for."
duties performed:
"duties: interacting with customers, ringing up orders & odd jobs around the registers (re-"
"dynamic. you’re charismatic, full of energy, and happy to help in any way you can."
e nergetic / enthusiasm to do work
"e-mail your resume to: dana@omgjeans.com"""
"e. greenbush: xxx columbia turnpike, e. greenbush, ny xxxxx"
"each reef hub is a thriving, connected ecosystem of businesses, cities and people, that enables and provides the delivery of products and services to more people than ever before. each location is an urban ecosystem offering a variety of services including micro-fulfillment centers, bike and scooter rental stations, electric vehicle charging, rideshare and vehicle buffering areas, community spaces for pop-up businesses, and more. reef is currently looking for an on-call cashier/customer service representative to work at our chicago, il location."
"earl enterprises presents its new concept seaside by the pier located right on the santa monica pier. seaside by the pier is a three-level restaurant with something for everyone. the first level will consist of delicious deli sandwiches for quick service and take out, the second level will provide a casual dining atmosphere with traditional american fare, and on the third level will boast a gorgeous rooftop bar overlooking the santa monica pier. position summary"
"earl enterprises® bring together the power of people, services and creative genius to build innovative sustainable companies that guests can enjoy today and in the future through our diversified brand portfolio. earl enterprises® is growing as a leader in the field of entertainment, leisure, tourism, hotel, and restaurant consultant services. come join us onward and upward. our concepts include planet hollywood, buca di beppo, earl of sandwich, chicken guy, collide.com, seaside on the pier, mixology, café hollywood and bertucci's. competency statement"
"earl enterprises® bring together the power of people, services and creative genius to build innovative sustainable companies that guests can enjoy today and in the future through our diversified brand portfolio. earl enterprises® is growing as a leader in the field of entertainment, leisure, tourism, hotel, and restaurant consultant services. come join us onward and upward. our concepts include planet hollywood, buca di beppo, earl of sandwich, chicken guy, collide.com, seaside on the pier, mixology, café hollywood and bertucci's. reasonable accommodations statement"
earl enterprises® builds on its past successes in defining ambitious goals for the future.
"early mornings, evenings, weekends, nights and/ or holidays."
"earn extra $$ with a shift differential as an overnight associate/cashier at maplefields. in this role you are the front line in our relationship with our customer. customers come in for great coffee, fresh food, and friendly speedy service… even at night. offering that great level of service is what will set you apart from others in this very competitive industry. in this role you will also be a key player in transitioning from one day do the next."
"east aurora, ny (preferred)"
duties include but are not limited to the following;
duties & responsibilities:
"dress according to company policy including uniform and name badge (including but not limited to: hair net, hat, hair restraint)."
duties & responsibilities :
"dress according to company policy to include white shirt, black pants, apron, name badge."
dress code:
drive a company vehicle
drive ae brand loyalty through being knowledgeable about all aeo loyalty programs and consistently informing customers of each program.
drive cashier engagement by supporting management in recognizing and rewarding cashiers for their outstanding performance.
drive for results
drive mls brand loyalty through being knowledgeable about all mlf loyalty promotions and consistently informing customers of events/promotions.
drive your future!
driver license
driver's (required)
driver's license (required)
drivers license (preferred)
drives change - adapts quickly to changing situations with energy and a positive attitude. coaches others through change.
"drives performance - holds self and others accountable to a higher standard to achieve results. provides feedback, visibility and recognition to the team."
driving: x years (preferred)
drug test required
dunkin' donuts
dunn lumber offers competitive wages and an outstanding benefits package!
"dust, clean & straighten merchandise displays daily"
discounts and meals.
discounted/free food!
discounted shift meal + xx% discount when dining as a guest
description of responsibilities:
description/job summary
description:
"description: be a “tour guide” to the mcalister’s experience; help our guest navigate our entire dining system from ordering, seating and delivery. to ensure that all of our guest experience the mcalister’s touch. guest are to be greeted within xx seconds and follow the x-foot rule throughout each visit. team members are to be engaged in excitement and positivity, dressed to impress, and ready to be part of the mcalister’s dining team. team members should always strive for a “little something extra” for our guest."
desire growth and advancement
desire to be part of a performance-driven team
desire to be part of a small team of individuals working towards a common goal
desire to continually develop knowledge of products and services
desire to develop retail service skills and knowledge of product and services
desire to learn and develop with velvet taco
"desire to live the molbak’s brand, support the culture, and maintain a high level of energy and enthusiasm. policy: comply with all company guidelines."
desire to provide exceptional customer service and build business relationships
desire to provide great customer service
desire to surprise each guest with the experience
desire to work with customers.
desired qualifications:
desired work experiences
"dessert, coffee and smoothie shop located in roslyn seeking mature, reliable and detailed-oriented associate with great communications skills for part time year round shifts"
detail oriented and organized.
detail oriented with strong organizational and communication skills
description valet cashier:
"description assist guests with check cashing, chip sales, redemption and credit transactions in a pleasant and professional manner in compliance with internal controls."
discounted shift meal
description
department/group: front of house (foh)
department: café operations
department: cage
department: finance
department: food & beverage
department: food & beverage summary of position:
department: front end essential job functions: x.greet all customers and provide them with prompt courteous service and assistance.
department: front of house
department: service
department: store operations
department: tickets
dependability
dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
dependable and professional
dependable team player
"dependable, strong work ethic"
dependable. responsible is your middle name. you never disappoint because it’s not in your nature.
"depending on the shift the lead will be responsible for either opening or closing procedures. opening procedures includes ensuring all registers are balanced to its opening amount including additional cash fund. closing procedures includes ensuring that all funds including opening and deposit amounts are balanced; ensures that all post void transactions, no sale, credit card receipts, employee purchase receipts, and merchandise credits are reconciled on the cash count report. will report any discrepancies to the management."
detail oriented with the ability to multi-task.
detail oriented: capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well
detail-oriented
detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
"directs customers to the correct department, notifies the appropriate person that a customer is waiting, and introduces the customer to a salesperson."
disability and life insurance coverage
disability insurance options
disability leave
disbursing completed and confirmed prescriptions to patients
disclaimer:
"disclaimer: the above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by the team member(s) assigned to this position. they are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of individuals in this position. position descriptions may be subject to change as the needs of the organization change."
"disclaimer: this job description is intended only as a general guideline of your duties and responsibilities at cinemark and is not a legally binding contract. cinemark reserves the right to amend, change or terminate the job description, as it deems appropriate. any change amendments, or modifications may be implemented even though they have not been communicated, reprinted or substituted in this job description. all cinemark theatres are designated smoke-free workplaces. this includes vapor, electronic, conventional, cigars, etc. cinemark usa, inc. is an equal opportunity employer"
discount marketplace
discount on healthy and tasty kreation products
"discount perk program (gym membership, cell phone discounts and more)"
discounted bus pass program
discounted food.
discounted meals
discounted meals and free uniforms
discounted meals during your shift
"discounted merchandise, group fitness class, personal training, spa products & services, and much more"
discounted or free shift meals expectations:
directing customers to merchandise within store
direct incoming customers to available parking spaces.
direct guests to the “pick-up” area in the restaurant.
dick's sporting goods is an equal opportunity employer.
detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
detailed food and beverage knowledge of our product and company as a whole
determine customer’s needs and direct them to the appropriate sales associate
determine traffic flow in times of equipment failure or during periods of construction.
develop proficiency in all operational policies and procedures
development opportunities
develops strong relationships with most valuable customers.
diagnostics
dick’s sporting goods is an equal opportunity employer.
"direct customers to the correct department, notify the appropriate person that a customer is waiting, and introduce the customer to the salesperson"
"did you know bearded dragons grow up to x feet long? or that the average life span for an umbrella cockatoo is xx years? our team members are pet lovers and like to know it all! as a store team member at pet supplies plus, you're pawsitively passionate about people and their pets. providing exceptional, neighborly service at every opportunity during your work day, you will"
"did you know?? basil has won buffalo's best places to work, time magazine's dealer of the year, and nationally automotive news' best dealership to work for.... not just once, but multiple times over!"
dilettante mocha café is seeking a personable barista for our café located at westlake office tower. we are a small team here and need someone who is flexible and willing to go above and beyond to help out.
din tai fung is an equal employment opportunity employer – m/f/d/v
din tai fung’s culture is strongly guided by our core values.
direct calls and handle all customer payment and credit transactions.
direct customers to and through checkout lanes to minimize register lines
"direct customers to the correct department, notify the appropriate person that a customer is waiting and introduce the customer to a salesperson"
creates an inspirational and motivating work environment that reflects the integrity of the brand.
"create well-organized presentations, which appeal to our customers."
follows company policy regarding food stamp and wic program.
competitive wages based on experience
"compiles and sorts documents, such as invoices and checks, substantiating business transactions."
compiles “bank” of collected revenue during the day once a predetermined amount of money has been collected.
complete a background and drug test
"complete accurate count-out procedures and balance all tenders at end of shift. face all bills, separate and band each tender."
complete all applicable department training programs.
"complete all assigned side work duties including set up and prep, stocking, cleaning"
complete all backroom daily and weekly audits
complete all required hr training modules in kpa
complete all required training and support the training of other team members.
complete all sections of an online application
complete all side work before the end of a shift
complete an application at ubookstore.com/jobs
complete any additional responsibilities and/or duties as assigned.
complete any and all other tasks as assigned
complete any other tasks assigned time to timeby the management team
complete applicable paperwork/documents accurately and neatly
"complete application packets will be accepted until the position is filled; however, those submitted by xx:xx p.m. (pst) on august xx, xxxx, are assured consideration. applicants must submit all of the following materials online at http://hrjobs.mtsac.edu to be considered for this position: x. a mt. san antonio college online application."
complete appropriate shift tasks provided by management and any other unexpected tasks that may come up.
complete appropriate tasks to ensure that the store is in great shape for the early morning coffee/breakfast rush
compile and maintain non-monetary reports and records.
"competitive wages and benefits (health, dental, and vision)"
complete cleaning duties sometimes difficult to complete during the busy day time hours.
competitive vacation and sick time programs
competencies
competencies:
"competencies: customer service skills, and experience entering orders into a point-of-sales (pos) system is preferred"
competent in basic math skills
"competition bmw of smithtown, part of the competition automotive group, is currently seeking candidates to support our service department as our service receptionist/cashier."
competitive compensation
competitive compensation & benefits
competitive compensation (tips + mileage paid daily!)
competitive compensation based on experience
competitive compensation plan
competitive compensation with opportunity for tips
competitive compensation!
competitive hourly wage
competitive pay (paid weekly)
competitive pay plans
"competitive pay with generous benefits package including health, dental, life,profit sharing, xxx(k), etc."
competitive pay: earn between $xx and $xx an hour with the possibility to earn bonuses
competitive salary $xx.xx to xx.xx/hour
competitive starting rate with regularly scheduled reviews
complete assigned prep work for stocking and set up of work area.
complete daily duties/tasks within the scheduled work shift
complies with all company policies and procedures; maintains respectful relationships with coworkers.
"completes established opening, mid-shift, and closing duties as instructed."
completes member transactions accurately and efficiently at the point-of-sale
"completes member transactions accurately and efficiently using pos and online systems, including sales, returns and exchanges in accordance with authorized processes"
"completes merchandise support tasks (i.e., fitting room maintenance, straightening merchandise) during non-peak hours"
completes parking garage forms.
completes price changes as directed by department manager.
"completes side work at the beginning and end of each shift, including drawer counts."
completes special assignments and other tasks as assigned.
"completes the markdown process timely, with accuracy, and according to company standards"
completes university of subway®courses as directed
"completes vehicle sales billing by processing auto sales contracts, bill of sale, dmv registration and title documents."
completing all store task and assignments given by management
completing opening and closing duties to prepare the restaurant for service
completing required job duties in an accurate and timely manner
completing shift report
completing various reconciliations
completion of high school or the equivalent.
completion of tasks as directed.
"compliance with company rules, policies and standard operating procedures."
"complies with all aspects of the anti-money laundering (aml) program and its regulations including, but not limited to, title xx cash transactions, suspicious activity reporting and customer identification requirements."
completes lost ticket forms when original tickets cannot be located.
completes end of shift report to account for all sales.
complete daily tasks to ensure store needs are met
"completes all side work requirements prior, during and after shift."
"complete daily, weekly and monthly side-work"
"complete hot and cold food prep assignments by following recipes accurately, neatly and according to sanitation guidelines"
complete inventory counts and order merchandise based on the results.
"complete monthly, quarterly and year-end inventory"
complete opening and closing checklists.
"complete opening, on-going and closing duties."
"complete product spoilage and transfer records, as needed"
complete scans and system audit functions to ensure inventory accuracy
complete scans and system audit functions to ensure inventory accuracy.
complete side work and closing duties as itemized on checklists.
"complete the applicable sections of the management training program that have a direct result on the lead cashier performance pvh corp. or its subsidiary (""pvh"") is an equal opportunity employer and considers all applicants for employment on the basis of their individual capabilities and qualifications, consistent with applicable law and without regard to race, color, sex, gender identity or expression, age, religion, creed, national origin, citizenship status, sexual orientation, genetic information, physical or mental disability, military status or any other characteristic protected under federal, state or local law. in addition to complying with all applicable laws, pvh also has a strong corporate commitment to inclusion, diversity and to ensuring that all current and future pvh associates are compensated solely on job-related factors such as skill, ability, educational background, work quality, experience and potential. to achieve these goals, across the united states and its territories, pvh prohibits any pvh employee, agent or representative from requesting or otherwise considering any job applicant’s current or prior wages, salary or other compensation information in connection with the hiring process. accordingly, applicants are asked not to disclose this salary history information to pvh"
complete the daily report.
complete the necessary end of shift documentation.
complete the talent registration process including the questionnaire
complete transactions accurately and efficiently
"complete transactions, handle money in all forms responsibly and maintain accuracy of point of sale purchases."
complete weekly cleaning tasks (e.g. deep clean reach-in cooler)
complete written forms.
completes all accounting forms for money.
compensation: $xx.xx/hr
compensation: $xx per hour.
compensation: $xx - $xx per hour
communicate customer needs to team leaders when necessary.
"communicate debris, water, oil spills and etc. to facility or senior manager."
communicate effectively about pcc's membership and programs
communicate effectively and professionally with associates and customers.
"communicate effectively with all levels of team members, guests and outside contacts."
communicate effectively with boh team members tomanage gold standard product delivery within smashburger time standards
communicate inventory issues and zone needs to proper leadership
"communicate inventory levels, special orders, and merchandise assortment to the department manager and buyers."
communicate merchandise needs to store manager.
communicate staff concerns to management
communicate thoroughly with cafe supervisor to ensure proper ordering
"communicate verbally and in writing with stakeholders such as merchant services, banks, credit card companies, the department and other government agencies."
"communicate well with coworkers, team leaders, and management. communication is vital to everything running as smoothly as possible and any potential issues being addressed in the “controlled-chaos” that is a busy restaurant."
communicate well with team members and guests.
"communicate with callers and visitors in a professional, friendly, and efficient manner"
"communicate with callers in a professional, friendly and efficient manner, striving to minimize the amount of time customers spend on hold"
"communicate with management, supervisors and traffic directors."
communicate with the customers in a professional manner
communicates clearly and professionally with staff and patrons.
communicates customer concerns and request to management.
communicate customer requests to management.
"communicate clearly, quickly and politely with co-workers to ensure correct order is served to the customers."
compensation:
communicate clearly and effectively with guests and team members - to explain our menu and educate guests on our brand and catering options.
"commission based sales person, needs to sell memberships and earns commission on each sold"
commitment of inclusion
commitment to a diverse and inclusive campus community
commitment to customer satisfaction and service excellence.
commitment to exceptional customer service
commitment to exemplifying the century xx core values
commitment to maintain pci compliance standards with operation of credit card machines and point of sale system.
"commitment to quality service, and food and beverage knowledge"
"commitment to quality service, and food and beverage knowledge."
commitment to supporting and hiring veterans
commitment to talent & diversity
commitment to the service values and ethics of the client company.
committed to excellence
communicate (hearing and speech) to perform customer relation skills.
communicate all employee accidents/injuries to store leadership immediately.
communicate any issues and needs to proper leadership in a timely matter
communicate any problem or issue that requires management assistance.
"communicate appropriately with team members, treating others fairly and with respect."
communicate clear priorities and productivity goals to cashiers and hold team and self accountable for achieving them.
communicates effectively about pccs membership and programs
"communicates effectively with store manager in regards to store, employee and customer needs."
communicates guest requests to management.
communicates guest’s requests to stand level supervisors or area supervisors
company matching xxxk retirement benefit plan
company offered medical and dental insurance for full-time employees
company overview
company overview:
company paid life insurance and short-term disability coverage
"company provided benefits to eligible team members, such as paid vacation, sick, holidays as well as various insurance plans customized to meet your personal needs, including a xxxk plan."
"company seeks individual with some food handling experience for monday-fridays breakfast & lunch diner. we are looking for a team player, who is reliable and works well with others. must be comfortable walking short distances, lifting some boxes and working with a computer system. we do not provide parking, candidate must cover on their own. we do provide other benefits including tips."
company sponsored health/dental/vision insurance
company's facebook page:
company's website:
company/vendor sponsored product knowledge/training adventure trips
"compass group is an equal opportunity employer. at compass, we are committed to treating all applicants and associates fairly based on their abilities, achievements, and experience without regard to race, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other classification protected by law."
compensation
compensation $xx.xx hourly + tips
"compensation includes hourly rate + ot + tips. for more information, please apply."
compensation is $x.xx plus tip which average $x- xx/ hour which is a total hourly of minimum $xx but on average from $xx to xx.
compensation structure:
compensation up to $xx.xx/hr.
compensation/benefits-
company contribution to retirement savings plan
company background:
company age:
communication communicates regularly and consistently with guests and employees working in other stations (boh and foh) to optimize service levels.
communicates information to manager so that the team can respond as necessary to create the third place environment during each shift.
communicates messages to the appropriate parties in a timely manner.
"communicates with callers and visitors in a professional, friendly, and efficient manner."
communicates with guests and takes orders at the counter
communicates with team members and management throughout the shift regarding status of orders and availability of product.
communicating all merchandise needs or issues as appropriate to managers
"communicating effectively, including using positive language and attentive to guests needs"
communication - conveys ideas and facts orally using language the audience will best understand.
communication method(s) used:
company : calle tacos.
communication proficiency
communication skills
communication skills:
communication: ability to speak and read english is required (second language a plus). ability to speak effectively with external customers is required.
community volunteer opportunities with landry’s league
commuter benefits
commuter benefits program
complies with all company policies and procedures.
complies with all company safety and risk management policies and procedures.
"create positive energy… inspire, teamwork & believe in others as we work together towards accomplishing a best in class experience for our clients, customers and for each other."
"contributing to the overall display and presentation efforts within the store environment, including stocking/replenishing merchandise, following visual merchandising guidelines, and general store housekeeping duties"
control traffic at entrances and exits as needed.
"control traffic to ensure a smooth flow at all times, while ensuring pedestrians are safe"
controls guest keys.
"convey a positive impression of dkny to the marketplace by delivering an exceptional shopping experience, by assisting in showcasing the brand through exciting merchandise presentations therefore resulting in positive operating profits."
"conveys the appropriate number of menus, kid packs if needed when seating guests."
cooking in a commercial kitchen
cooking: x year (preferred)
cooks- respectful/ reliable/ punctual/ friendly/ clean and able to complete duties
cooperating with others to ensure customer satisfaction.
coordinate and schedule races precisely and efficiently
coordinate scheduled breaks of cashiers to maximize productivity and comply with company and legal requirements.
coordinate scheduled breaks to maximize productivity and comply with company and legal requirements.
coordinate the point-of-sale process between client and sales associate or manager
coordinates phone in orders for guest pick-up.
core competencies & accomplishments:
core responsibilities and sample tasks
core values:
core working hours: other core working hours
"corner of la cienega, la tijera and centinela, x blocks north of the xxx freeway, la tijera blvd exit"
"control freshness, quality and temperature of product by following safe food handling procedures."
contributes to positive team environment by recognizing alarms or changes in team member morale and performance and communicating them to the store manager.
"correctly and efficiently use and practice proper protocol with all communication systems (registers, radios, telephones, overhead paging)."
contributes to positive team environment by recognizing alarms or changes in partner morale and performance and communicating them to the store manager.
continental sales lots x less is seeking a self-motivated cashier/stock associate who will be responsible for supporting the customer service and sales floor department.
continually build product knowledge base and possess the ability to assist customers with store layout and product location.
continued education about our process and our products
continuing education reimbursement (stipulations apply) qualifications
"continuous bending, reaching and twisting."
"continuous development of food & beverage product knowledge knowledge, skills, abilities"
continuous interaction with customers and coworkers in a fast-paced work environment
"continuous learning is a core requirement at personal touch. it is the company’s expectation that all employees are open to and engaged in professional growth opportunities including cross-training for other positions, teambuilding activities, and skills training programs offered by the company."
continuous use of hands and arms.
"continuous use of hands, arms, bending, reaching and twisting."
"continuously bend, reach, twist and use your hands and arms."
"continuously bend/stoop, squat, balance, kneel, lift and push/pull."
"continuously carry up to twenty-five (xx) pounds, and lift up to fifty (xx) pounds."
continuously maintain showroom product availability by stocking shevles and displays.
contribute to an overall positive and collaborative environment
"contribute to positive employee relations through effective communication, teamwork and partnership with co-worker and the management team."
contribute to the team by taking initiative and will pitch-in to help others
contribute to working in a team environment where everyone is valued and respected.
contributes to a positive and inclusive work environment
"corporate field opportunities such as certified field trainer, chick-fil-a corporate trainer, and others."
corresponding and working with outsourced party for accounts payable
complies with all company safety andrisk management policies and procedures.
cover breaks and be flexible as needed
"coverage in medical, dental, life, and vision insurances eligible upon enrollment (full-time positions)."
crazy great!!!™
create a great first impression of our store to all customers by greeting them with enthusiasm and a genuine smile as they enter our store.
"create a relaxed destination – genuinely greet all guests with a friendly smile, select and help locate or obtain merchandise based on guest needs and desires. consistently invite the guest to join the guest registry and explain the benefits of joining. efficiently handle the purchase and return transactions following policies and procedures as well as sale and service expectations."
"create a smooth fitting room experience by greeting customers and taking them to their fitting rooms, then sorting and returning clothing to the floor"
"create a welcoming experience by authentically greeting, every guest every time."
create a world-class customer experience
create a world-class customer experience by providing passionate customer service and selling through customer engagement
"create a world-class customer experience by providing passionate customer service and selling through customer engagement, specifically (but not limited to) in the firearms department"
"create a world-class customer experience by providing passionate customer service and selling through customer engagement, specifically (but not limited to) our apparel departments"
"create a world-class customer experience by providing passionate customer service and selling through customer engagement, specifically (but not limited to) our bike & fitness departments"
"create a world-class customer experience by providing passionate customer service and selling through customer engagement, specifically (but not limited to) our footwear department"
"create a world-class customer experience by providing passionate customer service and selling through customer engagement, specifically (but not limited to) our lodge department"
"create a world-class customer experience by providing passionate customer service and selling through customer engagement, specifically (but not limited to) the golf department"
create a world-class customer experience through front-end customer engagement and point-of-sale interaction
create an amazing first impression for the customer
create and maintain eye contact
create entrees in assembly line fashion while maintaining casual and friendly experience for customer.
create positive energy: choose optimism.
"coverage in medical, dental, life, and vision insurances eligible upon enrollment (full-time positions)"
courteously assist customers by answering any questions they may have in a courteous manner.
"cosi' is looking for talented partners to join our team! you will contribute to the success of restaurant operations by performing various positions and related functions, to maximize the speed of service, improve order accuracy, and ensure outstanding guest service. adhere to the company’s standard operating procedures (sops), recipe guides, cheat sheets, and other product and procedural guides, company policies and applicable laws, including, but not limited to, food quality, safety, cleanliness, and cash handling"
counts “bank” of revenue at beginning of shift to ensure starting total is correct.
count and verify the petty cash fund and all cigarettes and lottery tickets in accordance with company policy.
count cash drawer at the beginning and end of shift to reduce and prevent shortages.
"count cash with supervisor, account for bank."
count change back to customers correctly
count down the till with a department manager at the end of the shift.
"count drawer at start of shift, verify cash amount and document according to standard procedure."
count money in cash drawers at the beginning and end of shifts to ensure that amounts are correct
count money in cash drawers at the beginning of shifts to ensure that amounts are correct and that there is adequate change
count money in cash drawers at the beginning of shifts to ensure that amounts are correct and that there is adequate change.
count out and organize till at the end of the shift.
"count vehicles on location throughout shift, as needed."
count “bank” money at the beginning of the shift to verify starting total.
"count, organize, and balance cash drawer; fill out the cashier slip; and make deposits"
counter tips
"counting cash drawer, restocking shelves, checking produce inventory, cleaning if necessary. i want someone who has the ability to notice things are out of place and in need of adjusting. attention to detail is huge."
"counting money in cash drawers at the beginning of shifts to ensure that amounts are correct, and that there is adequate change, as well as reconciling the cash drawer at the end of the shift."
counting the contents of cash registerdrawer at the beginning and the end of each shift. may also beresponsible for checking inventory and reporting when stock is low.
"counts and provides change to customers as required, and follows all hmshost customer service and"
counts money in cash drawers at the beginning of shifts to ensure that amounts are correct
continental sales
continental currency services (ccs) is a leader in the financial services industry. we are a well established over xx year old organization with multiple financial services stores (xx+). we are seeking cashier/teller's for our stores in the los angeles area including:
contests and awards programs
"comply with price rite service priorities: clean, fresh and friendly."
comply with quality assurance expectations and standards
comply with safety policies and procedures.
"comply with the adult rehabilitation centers employee manual and other established standards, policies, and directives of the salvation army."
compute and record totals of transactions.
compute and record transactions.
computer and printer
computer and technology proficient.
"computer knowledge helpful (cdk, word, excel, internet)"
"computer knowledge; excel, knowledge of xx key by touch"
computer literacy
"computer proficiency, particularly in ms office suite (word and excel)"
computer skills
computer skills (pos system).
computer skills/ point of sales
"computerize bill, itemized lists and tickets showing amount due."
computes customer bills.
computes or re-computes bill from ticket showing amount due per customer.
computes or recomputes bill from ticket showing amount due per customer.
"computes, classifies, records, and verifies cash and coin according to specific policies and procedures"
comply with qa hand washing standards and use disposable gloves when handling unpackaged foods.
"comply with food handler certification practices regarding personal hygiene, cleanliness and food handling."
contagious positive energy and motivation
comply with company policies raising cane’s appreciates & values individuality. eoe
"complies with all departmental rules, side work assignments, and departmental procedures."
complies with all other established company policies and procedures.
complies with all sodexo haccp policies and procedures.
complies with all sodexo haccp policiesand procedures.
complies with and adheres to all company policies and procedures
complies with and enforces all safety policies and procedures
"complies with film studio admittance policies, including any pass and/or discount ticket restrictions."
"complies with sanitary practices for food handling, general cleanliness and maintenance of kitchen and/or serving areas"
complies with state laws & company policy on carding customers for all age restricted products.
"comply and ensure that safety and dress codes are carried out in accordance with shop policies, including wearing assigned ppe"
comply at all times with mondrian standards and regulations to encourage safe and efficient hotel operations.
"comply with all company policies as required. ie: meal and rest period policy, timekeeping, etc. please refer to the employee handbook for further detail."
"comply with all health, safety and hygiene standards and policies to ensure a doh letter a grade"
comply with all point-of-sale policies and procedures
comply with all policies and procedures in company provided handbooks and or manuals at all times.
"comply with all restaurant, brand, and franchisee policies."
comply with all safety and sanitation guidelines and procedures
comply with all sales related policies and procedures customer service
"comply with all store rules, company policies, safety requirements, security standards and all local, state and federal health and civil code regulations."
"concessionists sell soft drinks, packaged and/or bulk candies, popcorn, hot dogs, ice cream, coffee, and other food items to theatre patrons. they also, maintain, stock, and clean the concession stand and/or restaurant."
concessions
"concessions cashier – the intrepid: sea, air and space museum (new york, new york)"
conditions of employment
"consistently executes all visual standards, store merchandising practices and inventory control activities."
consistently follow all cash handling policies and proper security procedures.
consistently follow all food safety and physical safety procedures.
consistently follow proper recipes and procedures
consistently greets customers and educates them on current promotions
consistently handle vendors according to policy.
consistently makes additional merchandise suggestions in order to maximize each sales opportunity and ensure that the customer leaves with everything he or she needs.
consistently makes additional merchandise suggestions in order to maximize every sales opportunity.
consistently provide quality coffee beverages for customers
"consistently provide support to fellow employees through sharing of knowledge, helping to complete tasks and/or assisting in customer interactions."
consistently provide world class customer service to internal and external customers.
"consistently provides world class customer service to internal and external customers by processing customer orders in an efficient, accurate, safe and courteous manner at a two aisle check stand, a multi station self-check-out lane, or customer service desk as assigned. performs other related work. typical duties and responsibilities"
constant attention to customers and cleanliness
constant hands on development and unlimited growth potential!!
constant interruptions
constantly strive to improve your engagements with guests.
"constructs and maintains displays, including promotional, seasonal, super structures, and sale merchandise. completes resets and revisions as directed."
"consult with the appropriate individuals and maintain an effective system of written policies, procedures, and internal controls to ensure compliance with the state regulations and systems of internal controls."
consumer classes
consistently ensures sensormatics are removed and/or deactivated.
consistently demonstrate aeo customer first standards for the cash and wrap in order to deliver a positive customer experience and achieve the daily sales goals.
consistently adhere to the company’s cash handling policies and procedures.
confidence in math skills and cash handling
"conduct or partiipate in periodic physical inventory of all merchandise (counts, reports etc.)"
"conduct visual inspection, read information on merchandise, etc."
conduct weekly price change workload and ensure regular and promotional signing is set accurately for all departments
conduct weekly price change workload and ensure regular and promotional signing is set accurately for all departments.
conduct yourself each day in a manner consistent with dunn lumber's core values.
conducting email/name capture
conducts periodic audits of the register till and credit card terminals
conducts timely checks to see if a proper inventory of necessary work aids and supplies are located in booth.
confident and comfortable engaging customers to deliver an elevated experience
consistent attendance required.
confidential letters of recommendation are not accepted for this position. all letters of recommendation must be uploaded to the application.   eeo policy:
confidently provide the customer with product knowledge which will enhance customer engagement and maximize sales.
"confirming that all displays, products, and services comply with company standards."
conflict management – able to turn an angry customer around
conforms to the regulations of the alcohol beverage authority qualifications
connects with every customer by asking open-ended questions to assess needs
"considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex,"
consistency and reliability
"eastcoast foods, inc. is an equal opportunity employer and makes employmentdecisions on the basis of merit. the company does not discriminate and does notpermit its employees to discriminate against other employees or applicantsbecause of race, color, religion, sex or gender, sexual orientation, genderidentity or expression, pregnancy, marital status, national origin,citizenship, political activity, veteran status, membership in state or federalmilitary forces or military reserves, ancestry, age, physical or mentaldisability, medical condition, genetic information, or any other considerationmade unlawful by applicable laws. equal employment opportunity will be extendedto all persons in all aspects of the employer-employee relationship, includingrecruitment, hiring, upgrading, training, promotion, transfer, compensation,benefits, discipline, layoff, recall, and termination."
"edition hotels combine the visionary genius of boutique hotelier ian schrager, the service delivery of a world-class luxury hotel, and the global reach of marriott international to create an entirely new experience in the world of hospitality. our hotels are stunning microcosms of the world's top cities, featuring the finest in dining, entertainment, nightlife, and service to create an enchanting experience that makes your spirit soar! but to create this magical experience, we need you. edition is hiring warm, out-going, authentically amazing people who are looking for a place to work that inspires them, challenges them and makes them proud to come to work. a place where service comes from the heart, not from a handbook. a place that delivers a never-ending theatrical performance that continuously delights and enchants each and every one of our guests. we invite you to join us today. job summary"
educate a sixth grader on bird ownership
experience in a fact paced nyc restaurant a plus
experience in a similar high end related field
experience in a similar position or proficiency in a similar task
experience in customer service/cashier is a plus
experience in food and beverage preparation or customer service preferred.
experience in providing outstanding customer service.
"experience in retail business fundamentals: department sales trends, pricing and promotion strategies, inventory management, process efficiency and improvement"
"experience in retail business fundamentals: department sales trends, pricing and promotion strategies, inventory management,process efficiency and improvement"
"experience is a plus, but willing to train."
experience is a plus.
"experience is always preferred but not required. we hire personality over experience, come join our team or wonderful staff and to serve our wonderful guests."
"experience isn't all that we care about, sometimes a good mindset beats it all! let us know why you think you would qualify!"
"experience not necessary, will train right candidate. associate is responsible for helping customer but not limited to other duties."
experience on a pos (electronic register) system preferred. working environment:
experience preferred but not a must.
experience preferred but not required
experience preferred but not required for the right candidate
experience preferred but not required.
"experience promoting and selling various benefits, offerings and services"
experience required :
"experience in a retail, customer service, or sales environment"
experience in a face-to-face customer service environment.
experience requirements:
experience in a cashier’s/bursar’s office in higher education and/or a bachelor’s degree is desirable license(s) & other requirements: examination requirements: working environment:
exempt/non-exempt: non-exempt
exemption status: non-exempt
exercise strong communication skills
exercise tact and courtesy in dealing with customers.
exhibits a cheerful and helpful manner while greeting guests and preparing their orders.
"exhibits clear understanding of all bj’s membership options, including the importance of renewals, upgrading to our bjs perks programs."
expect & deliver impressive results
expectations:
expected hiring date
expedite food to customers by order
"expedites newly received merchandise receipts to the sales floor with a sense of urgency, merchandising all items per company best practice to the monthly presentation guidelines and maintaining merchandise/brand name familiarity within departments to assist customers."
expedites orders and assembles items needed for the completion of the order.
experience & skills
experience / requirements
experience and education:
"experience as a cashier is a plus, but not necessary"
experience in a cash handling role.
experience in a cash-handling role.
experience required. no exceptions
"experience running a business switchboard, a plus"
"exposure to temperatures: <xx degrees fahrenheit (freezing), xx-xx degrees fahrenheit (refrigerators), >xx degrees fahrenheit."
"experience: no experience is required, however one or more years of experience in restaurant or customer service position is preferred"
"experience: previous experience using cash register, handling money is preferred."
experience: six months food and beverage experience preferred
experience: x months - x year.
experience: x months – x year.
experience: x – x months.
"experienced cashier needed for hirshleifers, a busy high end retail store located at the americana manhasset, long island ny."
experienced cashier wanted for busy restaurant
"experienced cashier wanted. evening and weekend hours available. fast-paced work environment with a friendly atmosphere. we expect our employees to be kind, willing to learn, committed, have a strong work ethic, and to be professional."
experienced deli welcome. sunday must work
experienced deli/lunch grill skill set
experienced waitress and customer service for
explain menu and waiting time to customer.
explain to guests about menu items
explain vehicle recommendations to customers picking up their vehicle
"exposure hot/cold. constantly exposed to low temperatures in walk-in freezer and cooler. constantly exposed to high heat in walk-in oven, or wall mounted ovens."
exposure to continuous background and occasional loud noises.
"exposure to extreme temperatures (coolers, freezer, outdoors, etc.)"
exposure to fda approved cleaning chemicals.
experience: preferred but willing to train!
experience: job related experience is preferable.
experience supporting daily/weekly workload to support business priorities and deliver on sales goals
experience/knowledge:
"experience supporting daily/weekly workload to support business priorities and deliver on sales goals as asmall format team member, no twodays are ever the same, but a typical day will most likely include the following responsibilities:"
experience using a cash register system
"experience using a customer relationship management (crm) tool, a plus"
experience using cashier system.
experience using large power tools is a plus
experience using technology applicable to the position and access information necessary to complete daily responsibilities
experience with baked goods/food
experience with microsoft office suite is a plus
experience with non-automatic espresso machines
experience with point-ofsale & computerized inventory systems or the ability to quickly learn.
experience with pos system is a plus
"experience working as a busser or food runner at a high-volume, fast-paced restaurant or hotel."
"experience working effectively in complex global organizations, satisfying the needs of diverse constituents, and often working under the pressure of competing and sometimes conflicting priorities"
experience working in a fast paced environment.
experience working in a fast-paced working environment.
experience working in a group setting
experience working in a high-volume restaurant
"experience, skills & knowledge"
experience/capabilities at least x year of previous experience in contemporary or luxury fashion handling point of sale transactions
exempt overtime eligible: overtime eligible
execution of food safety and restaurant safety standards and equipment maintenance guidelines
execution of cashier responsibilities within in company policies and procedures
excellent customer service and people skills
excellent customer service and the ability to positively impact the communities where we work is important to indi chocolate.
excellent customer service experience.
excellent customer service is a must!
excellent customer service skills
excellent customer service skills and a professional demeanor
excellent customer service skills.
"excellent interpersonal and communication skills necessary for customer service, including the patience and understanding required to work with students on a daily basis"
excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
excellent interpersonal skills
excellent interpersonal skills and a positive attitude
"excellent listening/communication skills, outgoing and positive personality"
"excellent math skills, including basic computations (add, subtract, multiply, divide) and the ability to apply concepts of basic algebra and geometry"
excellent medical/life/vision/dental benefits
excellent medical/life/vision/dental benefits (full time only)
excellent multi-tasking skills with strong attention to detail and follow-through;
excellent oral and written communication skills
excellent oral and written communication skills (must be able speak english proficiently)
excellent oral and written communication skills.
excellent oral communication skills
excellent customer service and satisfaction
excellent customer service and communication skills.
executes policies and procedures professionally and accurately.
excellent customer service
excellent attention to detail and multitasking skills
excellent attention to detail and multitasking skills required
excellent attention to detail and organizational skills
excellent cash handling
excellent commitment to customer service.
excellent communication (verbal and written) and interpersonal skills
excellent communication and an outgoing personality
excellent communication and customer service skills
excellent communication and interpersonal skills
excellent communication and interpersonal skills for dealing with customers and other staff members.
"excellent communication and listening skills, can read, write, and speak english"
excellent communication skills
excellent communication skills and willingness to work as part of a team
excellent communication skills benefits:
"excellent communication skills, makes eye contact with our guests when speaking or being"
"excellent communication skills, verbal and written"
excellent communication skills.
"excellent communication, customer service, and people skills."
"excellent communication, organizational, and prioritization skills"
excellent organization skills and ability to be flexible with changing priorities;
excellent organization skills and attention to details
excellent pay
"excellent pay, starting at $xx per hour"
"exceptional telephone skills, with a high level of comfort, and a professional voice and manner"
exchanges chips and/or cash for dealers at a table for the replenishment of a poker table bank.
exciting environment
exciting incentive and rewards programs
exciting incentive and rewards programs.
exciting incentive and rewards programs. what you bring:
"execute activities related to store initiatives to offer customers additional products and services (e.g., special sale items, credit card applications)"
"execute adjacency changes, transitions, revisions and sales plans for all departments"
"execute adjacency changes, transitions, revisions and sales plans for all departments."
"execute all customer service operations, ensuring all prepared products meet the restaurant standards of quality and excellence."
"execute all customer service operations, ensuring all prepared products meet the restaurant standards of quality and excellence. essential functions:"
"execute all kitchen operations, ensuring all prepared foods meet restaurant safety and health standards. cooks, assembles and wraps good items, stocks all needed products and preparation materials in a clean and safe manner."
execute daily opening and closing procedures/checklists in accordance with company policies/procedures and quality requirements and hold each other accountable to it.
execute daily side-work with enthusiasm and motivation.
"execute deep cleaning tasks (e.g. clean out clutter in cabinets, clean drains..etc)"
execute these specific management level cash register functions per policy
execute thorough and timely closing and opening duties depending on shift
executes and maintains divisional marketing directives
executes markdowns and re-merchandise as needed
exceptional math and analytical skills
exceptional listening and communication skills.
exceptional interpersonal and communication skills
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
excellent phone and in person communication skills
excellent phone etiquette
excellent record of attendance and reliability in previous employment.
excellent telephone skills
excellent time management
excellent verbal and written communication
excellent verbal and written communication skills
excellent verbal and written communication skills are required.
excellent verbal and written skills. english/spanish preferred
exceptional customer service skills
excellent verbal communication and interpersonal skills.
excellent verbal communication skills
excellent verbal skills
excellent written and verbal communication skills
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
exceptional attention to cleanliness
exceptional communication and interpersonal skills
exceptional communication and interpersonal skills; friendly and approachable
"exposure to rewarding career advancement opportunities, from retail to supply chain, to digital or corporate."
exposure to various food allergens throughout the store
educate guests on our loyalty program and encourage new sign ups
"follow all cash handling procedures: understand, meet and exceed erewhon cashier variance policy."
"follow all cash handling procedures; understand, meet and exceed regional cashier variance policy (cvp)."
follow all cash register transaction procedures.
"follow all cash, debit, & credit card procedures as per company policy"
"follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; and report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager. ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional, maintain confidentiality of proprietary information, and protect company assets. welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards, anticipate and address guests' service needs, and thank guests with genuine appreciation. speak with others using clear and professional language, and answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, and support team to reach common goals. ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. enter and locate work-related information using computers and/or point of sale systems. stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to xx pounds without assistance. perform other reasonable job duties as requested by supervisors. marriott international is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. marriott international does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws."
"follow all company and safety and security policies and procedures; report accidents, injuries, and unsafe work conditions to manager; and complete safety training and certifications. ensure uniform and personal appearance are clean and professional, maintain confidentiality of proprietary information, and protect company assets. welcome and acknowledge all guests according to company standards. speak with others using clear and professional language, and answer telephones using appropriate etiquette. develop and maintain positive working relationships with others, support team to reach common goals, and listen and respond appropriately to the concerns of other employees. ensure adherence to quality expectations and standards. stand, sit, or walk for an extended period of time. move, lift, carry, push, pull, and place objects weighing less than or equal to xx pounds without assistance. perform other reasonable job duties as requested by supervisors. marriott international is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. marriott international does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws."
follow all company policies and procedures.
follow all established procedures for documenting errors in cashing procedures
follow all guest satisfaction procedures and hospitality imperatives.
follow all policies and procedures as outlinedby smashburger
"follow all procedures related to cash, cleanliness, food safety, and restaurant safety and security."
follow all quest policies and food safety guidelines.
"follow all rules, policies, procedures and conditions of employment, including those outlined in the employee handbook"
follow all safety and health department guidelines and our procedures around them such as completing line checks and cooling charts.
"follow all state, federal & company policies on selling tobacco and alcohol."
follow all steps of service
"follow and comply with established procedures, including weights and measures, health and sanitation, and adhere to safe work practices."
"follow and comply with established procedures, including weights and measures, health and sanitation, and safe work practices"
follow and uphold all company policies per employee handbook and training
"follow approved procedures for receiving product, price marking and restocking to ensure quality protection, accuracy and product rotation."
"follow all cash handling procedures; understand, meet and exceed regional cashier variance policy (cvp)"
follow all cash handling policies and standards.
"follow area specific steps of service, deliver food and beverages in a timely fashion"
fold and restack and size clothing
"flexible work schedule (e.g., nights, weekends and holidays) and regular attendance necessary"
"flexible work schedule (e.g., nights, weekends and holidays) and regular attendance necessary."
flexible working schedule
"flexible, schedule/ must be available weekends and closing shifts."
"floor & decor is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to equal opportunity for all associates and applicants. f&d recruits, hires, trains, promotes, compensates and administers all personnel actions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sex stereotyping, pregnancy (which includes pregnancy, childbirth and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth or breastfeeding), gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, mental or physical disability, ancestry, medical condition, marital status, military or veteran status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, genetic information or any other status protected by applicable law."
"floor and decor offers competitive pay, benefits, and flexible scheduling including nights, weekends, and holidays."
floor associates
flsa designation: non-exempt
flsa status: non-exempt hourly
"flsa status: non-exempt hourly the cashier/stock position at au bon pain is the first and last impression for our guests. located towards the front of every café, the cashier is the person responsible for speaking with every guest on both their way in and out of the café, directing traffic, and collecting payment for all purchases. the cashier is also responsible for helping to keep the café stocked with all products. position summary:"
flsa status: nonexempt
"flushing, ny xxxxx (required)"
focus on providing excellent customer service to guests and ensuring a hassle free experience
focus on the customer
focuses on the customer: seeks to understand customer needs and makes an effort to satisfy them in order to create a pleasant shopping experience.
"focusing on the customer by giving a warm and friendly greeting, maintaining eye contact and offering help locating additional items, when needed"
foh and boh.
foh equipment upkeep service
"foh stations include: cashier, food runner, busser, and game room attendant. additional foh-related tasks, such as beer and wine service, may be assigned from time to time. restroom and parking lot details are tasks shared among foh and back-of-house team members."
"follow approved procedures for receiving, code dating, preparing, storing, and price marking, scaling, and restocking products to ensure quality, accuracy and product rotation and protection."
"follow company policy with regard to excessive cash in registers, change box and safe security."
"exposure to wet floors, noise, and temperature extremes"
follow recipe and food safety standards toprepare and deliver shakes/malts
follow safety rules and keep work area in a clean and orderly condition.
follow server checklists accordingly
follow service requirements
follow sop regarding customer service and phone procedures. specifically follow phone scripts regarding sales techniques and routine customer calls.
follow specific divisional dress code policy
follow station checklists and cleaning lists consistently and thoroughly
follow supervisor's instructions.
follow the uniform dress code and maintain proper personal hygiene.
follow the uniform dress code.
follow through and troubleshoot customer concerns and complaints accurately. complete all required records and other related paperwork including the mailing of information to customers in a timely manner.
follow vcr cash handling procedures
follow work safety rules.
follow-up with clients regarding their service performed
following all food safety and sanitation procedures established by the company and other regulatory agencies.
"following all store procedures regarding coupons, gift cards, or the purchase of specific items, such as alcohol or cigarettes."
"following all store procedures regarding coupons, gift cards, or the purchase of specific items, such as medical supplies."
follows all cash handling procedures – meeting and exceeding regional cashier variance policy.
"follows all mark-out-of-stock (mos) policies, including the identification of mos merchandise, proper processing of each piece and the notification of store leadership to review and approve all disposals."
"follows and complies, or ensures compliance, with established procedures, including weights and measures, health and sanitation, and safe work practices."
follow recipes and presentation specifications
"follow proper procedures when faced with store security threats, loss prevention issues or customer/employee safety."
follow company safety and sanitation policies and procedures.
"follow proper procedures for customer check out, handling of tenders, use of tares, sales of alcoholic beverages, and use of plus and upcs."
follow correct procedure for checking in vendors
follow correct vendor check-in procedures as defined in the c-store operations manual.
"follow count-in procedures at beginning of shift. if drawer does not balance at count-in, inform supervisor immediately."
"follow department procedures for preparing, storing, rotating, and stocking of product"
follow dress code
follow established procedures to report errors in retail pricing or signage.
"follow first in, first out."
follow food safety standards and maintain work area and equipment in accordance with health department standards
follow haccp guidelines to ensure safe food practices.
"follow health, safety and sanitation guidelines"
follow instructions and established procedures to operate a computerized (rdt) cash register in a dining facility.
follow inventory shrinkage improvement program
"follow opening, restocking and closing checklists"
"follow processes accurately with attention to detail, monitor own progress and accurately prioritize tasks"
"follow processes accurately with attention to detail, monitor own progress and accurately prioritize tasks."
"follow production guides, maintain stock levels and standards in product presentation"
"follow proper guest service procedures whenever interacting with others by smiling, making eye contact and greeting guests"
follow proper procedure for closing out of register at end of shift
"follow proper procedures for customer check out, handling of tenders, use of tares, sales of alcoholic beverages, and use of plus and upcs"
flexible with the ability to multi-task in a highly demanding and sometimes stressful environment
"flexible with scheduling and able to work retail hours which may include day, evening weekends and/or holidays."
flexible with schedule: weekend availability and holidays will be required.
familiarity with computers (preferred).
familiarize yourself with department structures & internal procedures for assisting customers efficiently
family owned and operated
"family owned and operated business seeking to add to our outstanding team. ideal candidate has incredible customer service skills, is conscientious and able to manage time effectively. must be able to work independently and efficiently on our fast paced block of businesses. bilingual a plus (english plus spanish or polish). flexible shifts, open xx/x/xxx. we offer full-time positions with competitive wages, earned sick leave and xxxk benefits. must have weekend availability and be at least xx years old. monthly incentives and opportunities to grow with our company."
famous to go specialist/cashier opportunity
"farm district marketplace is looking for qualified individuals to fill various positions throughout its store, including, barista, cashier, prep cook, pizza chef, dishwasher"
fast food and friendly customer service: x year (preferred)
"fast food cashiers manage all monetary exchanges in the restaurant by taking orders and ringing up transactions; serve as a liaison between the customer, the managerial staff and the kitchen staff; and keep the front area of the restaurant clean and well stocked."
fast food or retail experience is preferred
"fast food, team member, food service, customer service, food prep"
fast paced!
favorably represent indi chocolate as a brand ambassador
fax your resume to (xxx) xxx-xxxx and specify green lake kidd valley on your cover sheet
fdny pxx certification is required if hired. more information will be provided if hired.
featured merchandise should be prominently displayed in each section.
"feed all the furry pets and make sure their cages are spiffy ?all while engaging with psp neighbors and smiling in the face of puppy breath. are you awesome? no, you are more than that. you're pawsome! a pet supplies plus team member will likely do it all, but may specialize in any of the following areas: cashier"
field additional duties if they are assigned.
field incoming telephone calls to the dealership
fight for what’s right still interested? please continue!
fight on! minimum education: less than high school minimum experience: x - x months minimum field of expertise: demonstrated cash handling skills. knowledge of food handling and sanitation procedures. ability to lift xx lbs. demonstrated customer service experience. experience working in a fast paced working environment. ability to effectively communicate in english.
familiarity with point of sale systems
"familiar with putting sauce on a pizza, putting fresh sausage on a pizza and cutting a pizza"
flexible spending accounts (fsas)
"familiar with making sandwiches, salads, and other entree items"
"expresses ideas and conveys information clearly, effectively and professionally"
extended responsibilities and duties
extended time seated as well as on your feet. job qualifications
"extensive physical demands including but not limited to lifting up to xx lb, bending and pulling"
"extensive physical demands including, but not limited to, lifting up to xxlbs, bending, pushing, and pulling."
extensive training.
extremely passionate and supportive staffs who feel like family (maybe you'll like them better than family)
exude a friendly and positive demeanor at all times
facebook:https://www.facebook.com/doughzoneissaquah/
facilitates dialogue between front-line associates and the store leadership team.
"facilitates the flow of information, by attending regularly scheduled departmental meetings."
facilities which include working on ice.
"facility ensure a clean, organized and professional work space"
facility name
failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
"fairway market wants to ensure that all of our customers are receiving the best shopping experience each time they walk into our store. the cashier clerk is an integral part of the fairway market experience. as a cashier clerk, you work on the sales floor to proactively engage customers and create opportunities to upsell and cross sell fairway products. the following are role and responsibilities of the cashier clerk position:"
"fairway market wants to ensure that all of our customers are receiving the best shopping experience each time they walk into our store. the cashier clerk is an integral part of the fairway market experience. as a cashier clerk, you work on the sales floor to proactively engage customers and create opportunities to upsell and cross sell fairway products. the following are role and responsibilities of the cashier clerk position: department-specific responsibilities:"
fall season is here and would like to add great team member! this position is not seasonal and looking for full and or part time
"familiar with making different types of pizza (thin crust, double dough, and deep dish)"
fight on! minimum education: less than high school minimum experience: x - x months minimum field of expertise: demonstrated customer service experience. experience working in a fast paced working environment. ability to effectively communicate in english. ability to lift up to xx lbs. demonstrated cash handling skills. knowledge of food handling and sanitation procedures.
"fika fika in arcadia, ca is currently seeking cashiers & baristas with high energy, enthusiasm, and is excited about the opportunity to learn and grow in a fast-paced setting."
file service copies in customer files as instructed
"files all repair orders and part ticket invoices, including hard copies."
flexibility with regard to scheduling
"flexible availability - including nights, weekends, and/or holidays"
flexible availability including weekends
"flexible availability to work during “peak” retail hours such as nights, weekends, and holidays (required)"
"flexible availability – including nights, weekend, and holidays"
"flexible availability – including nights, weekends, and"
"flexible availability- including nights, weekends and holidays."
flexible employee benefit plan (cafeteria plan)
"flexible hours, morning and afternoon shifts available."
flexible schedule (open availability is a huge +)view preview
flexible schedule - open to working nights and weekends.
flexible schedules with reasonable operating hours and no overnight shifts
flexible schedules;
flexible scheduling for all employees
flexible scheduling with weekends availability
flexible scheduling – full and part time
flexible scheduling- part-time and full-time opportunities
flexible scheduling.
"flexible shift - mornings, mid or night night."
"flexibility to work nights, weekends, and some holidays"
"flexibility to work nights, weekends and some holidays"
flexibility to accommodate sudden schedule changes.
fine manipulation of the hands required.
"files within appropriate file system all dealership forms, records, reports, correspondence, or other important material."
filing and organizing daily invoices
filing/retrieving repair orders
filing/scanning documents during down time or between customers
fill and bag grocery orders
"fills containers with requested beverages, such as iced coffee, tea, or house beverages."
fills out and maintains all required paperwork throughout shift.
find similar career opportunities
"fire and safety certification. if no card upon hire, one must be obtained within xx days of hire, and maintained by renewal before expiration date."
flexibility is key. ability to cover teammates schedules for illness or vacation.
"first-class verbal, written and communication skills including the ability to initiate dialogue with bdc manager and communicate effectively and efficiently."
"fishkill, ny xxxxx (preferred)"
fit a squirming dachshund with the perfect harness
"five (x) years of experience in a money-handling environment, including;"
fleet & family readiness job application located on navylifepnw.com website: http://www.navylifepnw.com/jobs
flexibility
flexibility and being able to adapt to change
flexibility in your work schedule
excellence: we deliver the best experience possible
excellence: we are committed to consistently providing the highest quality of food and service with attention to detail.
excel proficiency
encourage guests to participate in the company’s cosi card® program and assist guests with using the cosi card® and related matters.
encourage guests to “take home their memories” with hollywood's most famous landmark.
energetic & enthusiastic personality
energetic and a self starter
"energetic and engaged – this is your restaurant, own it!"
energetic individual that enjoys working in a fast paced environment
enforcing payment guidelines and parking restrictions to preserve and grow revenue
"engage customers in a courteous, helpful, and respectful manner, promptly and politely responds to customer inquiries and customer requests for support"
engage with customers in a friendly and efficient manner while completing customer transactions on the cash register.
"engage with guests and create an entertaining, fun, exciting and memorable experience"
"engages customers and ensures stores daily, weekly and monthly goals are met with email capture and loyalty program participation"
engages customers and patients by greeting them and offering assistance with products and services. resolves customer issues and answers questions to ensure a positive customer experience.
engages in suggestive selling and other sales techniques.
engaging customer in verbal and non?verbal conversation at cashwrap and while in line (if no cashwrap supervisor or line leader)
engaging in safe work practices and encouraging others to do the same
engaging in safe work practices and encouraging others to do the same.
engaging in suggestive selling and other sales techniques
engaging withguests to ensure they're happy with food and service.
english & spanish (requisito mínimo)
english (basic working level) (required)
encourage guests to submit feedback through our tattle program on every order
employment type: regular
english (preferred)
employment type: full time
"employee reliability is key to exceptional customer service. productive attendance during your scheduled hours and timeliness are essential. if unable to work your scheduled shift, reporting requirements are outlined in the employee manual."
employee status: regular
employee stock purchase plan
employee vehicle purchase plans
employee vehicle purchase program
employee's responsibilities:
employee-supplied uniform
"employees must at all times be attentive, friendly, helpful and courteous to all guests, managers and fellow employees."
employees working per shift:
employer paid life insurance
employer-supplied uniform
employment assistance program
employment classification: full time
employment details
employment is contingent upon successfully passing a drug test.
employment length:
employment opportunity for boba shop cashier/tea prep and kitchen staff.
employment status:
employment status: non-exempt
english (must)
english language and professional communications skills are required
exceeds customer service department’s sales goals assigned through the efficient execution of company policies and procedures
"ensure all loss prevention policies and procedures are being upheld including risk management, physical security, store controls, inventory management, and loss prevention audits and procedures"
ensure all merchandise is ticketed and censored
ensure all necessary store close reports are printed and filed.
ensure all special orders are communicated to servers and to the kitchen.
ensure and collect payment from patrons and issue receipts
ensure bank is counted and balanced with cage
"ensure cash and wrap is clean, neat, organized and stocked with necessary supplies."
ensure cash is dropped in safe.
"ensure cash wrap is clean, neat, organized and stocked with necessary supplies."
ensure client books are active and increase store’s mailing list.
ensure clients are informed about and enrolled in our beauty insider program
"ensure compliance of company policies, procedures and practices; supports worldwide golf's loss prevention efforts."
"ensure compliance with all applicable regulatory rules and regulations including weights and measures, abc regulations, fda. department of labor, ada (americans with disabilities act), health and sanitation, and adhere to safe work practices"
"ensure compliance with all applicable us, uk or canadian regulatory rules and regulations, weights and measures, health and sanitation, and adhere to safe work practices."
ensure consistent standard of grooming and image
ensure customer care & selling are # x priority.
ensure customer service is the #x priority
ensure customer transactions are processed promptly and accurately.
ensure customers are satisfied with their experience
ensure customers receive a fast and friendly checkout experience.
ensure all merchandise is accurately ticketed to display pricing
ensure all items intended for purchase are identified and properly scanned
english language and professional communications skills are required.
ensure all customers entering the facility have signed and placed birth date on waiver.
english language classes
english spanish (preferred)
english/chinese fluency required
"enhance the guest experience, making them feel welcome with friendly, helpful, and respectful attitude."
"enjoy a great açaí bowl (and smoothies, juices, and healthy snacks)"
enjoy being at work!
enjoy taking care of guests
enjoy the good stuff:
"enjoy working in a fast-paced, high energy, and team-oriented environment"
enjoy your nights and weekends off
enjoys working in a team
ensure a constant supply of ingredients.
ensure a fresh and appealing display by keeping cases and shelves clean and well stocked.
ensure a positive experience for all impark / reef parking partners and clients
ensure accuracy in all paperwork
"ensure accuracy in recording sales and handling monetary transactions with mental alertness and basic math skills (add, subtract, multiply and divide)."
ensure accuracy when entering orders into point of sale (pos) system.
ensure accurate payment collection.
ensure ae rewards card and ae credit cards are promoted to all customers.
employee referral program
employee recognition program.
"employee must be organized and have attention to detail, energetic, dependable, and must provide great customer service. ideal candidate should possess the following:"
education: high school diploma.
eeo statement
effective communication and customer service skills
"effective communication is key to customer service. it is the employee’s responsibility to refrain from profanity, harsh words, or derogatory/inappropriate comments and communicate in a business appropriate manner."
effective communication skills
"effective communication skills and ability to read, write and comprehend english"
effective communication skills required. must be extremely numbers-oriented and computer-literate.
effective interpersonal and oral communication skills
effective math skills are required; applicants must be able to pass an sgc-administered math skills test.
effective math skills are required; applicants must be able to pass an sgc-administered math skills test. language skills and reasoning ability:
effective time management skills
effective time management; maximizes productivity.
effective verbal and written communication skills
"effective verbal and written communication skills, basic math skills"
effectively and efficiently complete the financial transaction
"effectively communicate in a cheerful, knowledgeable and professional manner with staff and guests."
effectively deal with multiple customers and communicate customer requests or concerns to other associates and manager on duty
effectively execute restaurant standards and marketing initiatives.
effectively interact with patients and customers to provide excellent service
effectively oversee the cash register area to ensure customer / associate awareness at all times
"education: no education is required, however a high school diploma or equivalent (ged) is preferred."
education: high school diploma or equivalent.
employee must be able to work on their feet x.x hour per day excluding breaks.
education: high school diploma or equivalent required
"educate, sample, and serve customers craveable food products"
education / training:
education and experience
education and experience:
education and training:
education and/or experience
education assistance
education assistance growth opportunities
education discount
"education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the u.s. department of education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the u.s. department of education."
"education, experience and skills required:"
education- minimum high school diploma/ged or some college.
education/experience
"education/experience/qualifications: • high school diploma or equivalent desired • x-x years of retail experience desired • effective communication and customer service skills • readily adjusts schedule, tasks, and priorities when necessary to meet business needs"
education/experience:
education/skill/experience:
education/training high school or ged equivalent. experience cashier experience preferred. customer service experience preferred.
education: high school degree not required.
"education: high school diploma or equivalent preferred. experience: previous experience in restaurant and/or fast food environment preferred. schedule: able to work flexible schedules due to the needs of the business, including evenings, weekends and holidays."
"effectively present information and respond to questions from managers, sales reps, customers, and co-workers."
effectuates store transactions
efficient and detailed service
embracing and advocating for new cvs services and loyalty programs that support our purpose of helping people on their path to better health
"emerald city smoothie is nation's best retailer of nutritional smoothies, vitamins, and nutritional supplements."
"empire automotive group is pleased to be serving the huntington, ny and surrounding communities with quality brand vehicles and excellent customer service throughout the entire journey. empire automotive group is always looking for talented, self-motivated individuals to join our team. if you think you are ready to be part of an exciting team, then we encourage you to apply!"
employee assistance program
employee assistance program (eap)
employee assistance program (eap) eligibility requirements may apply for the following benefits: xxx(k) retirement savings plan with a generous company match
employee assistance program free mental health and legal assistance
"employee assistance program if you are interested in joining the ivar’s stadium team at t-mobile park and centurylink field in seattle, you can apply via this ad or fax your resume to xxx-xxx-xxxx."
employee assistance programs
employee benefits
employee discount program
employee discount programs
employee discounts
"employee discounts on vehicle purchases, parts, and service including employee lease program"
employee discounts on vehicles
employee has to work under pressure and time deadlines during peak periods.
employee material purchase plan.
employee mcdperks discounts
employee meal discounts
embrace and support our core collaborative value of tip pooling. we believe that all hourly employees are important to creating a memorable guest experience and should share in customer tips. it is also our experience that this collaborative effort breaks down barriers and wage disparities that can exist between the “front and back houses” of some restaurants to the detriment of the guest experience and work environment.
email us with any questions or concerns
email resume with hours of availability
"eggslut venice - xxxx pacific ave, venice, ca xxxxx"
efficient and honest handling of all cash and credit cards adhering to company procedures
efficient with their time and shows a sense of urgency with everything they do
efficiently and accurately get the customers through the line.
efficiently and accurately processes sales transactions using the pos register system and adheres to checkout standards
efficiently ensures poker dealers and chip runners are adequately supplied with the appropriate chip supply.
efficiently take guests orders
eggslut is a growing company that offers growth from within. development opportunities available.
eggslut is hiring! we're growing our team and are looking for foh cashiers for our location in venice
"el segundo, ca (preferred)"
email capture for our dkny insider program.
"eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered."
eligibility requirements may apply for the following benefits:
eligible for our retirement plan after xx days;
eligible status needed for work
"elmhurst, il (required)"
"elmhurst, ny xxxxx us"
ema is hiring cashiers for our dining room team!
emaar management group reserves the right to make modification of the above listed job description with proper notification delivered to our team members.
ensure cutlery and napkins are present on each table
"ensure dine-in, to-go and call-in orders are properly rung up in the pos"
"ensure each customer receives outstanding customer service by providing an effective and efficient customer-friendly environment, greeting and acknowledging each customer, exceptional standards, solid product knowledge and all other components of the ""sure no problem"" customer service standards."
epsteins kosher deli is looking for a part-time front of the house cashier and customer service rep. eligible candidates should have some restaurant experience or cashier work
equal opportunity employer
equal opportunity statement:
equalopportunity statement:
equipment sales associate  sales associate duties include:
"equivalent to an associate’s degree in accounting, finance, business administration, or related field from regionally accredited college or university, and five (x) full-time equivalent years of experience in accounting, finance, or cash management. a master’s degree in accountancy will qualify incumbents for an increased pay grade. equivalencies: preferred qualifications:"
"erewhon markets is an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, religion, veteran status, disability, history of disability or perceived disability."
"erewhon organic market and cafes strive to sell only the purest, ethically and sustainably produced foods, wellness and beauty items, and household goods."
"esperamos tener noticias suyas. available shifts and compensation: we have available shifts all days of the week. compensation is $xx.xx/hour. about aracely's bakery: established in xxxx our bakery has grown and flourished to what it is today . we are a family owned business that provides daily pastries , cakes, and breads that are made with plenty of love and compassion since the first day we turned on our mixers. so if you feel like having a fresh danish with a warm cup of coffee stop on by ...we would love to have you. by applying to this job, you agree to receive a text message with a link to your profile as well as a text message when an employer has responded to your application."
essential (primary) functions:
essential duties
essential duties & responsibilities
essential duties & responsibilities:
essential duties and responsibilities of a fast food cashier
essential duties and responsibilities of all personal touch employees:
essential duties include and are not limited to the following:
essential duties include the following. other duties may be assigned.
essential duties of the cashiers:
essential duties:
essential functions
equal employment opportunity:
eoe. we participate in e-verify / participamos en e-verify
ensuring the patisserie is clean and orderly
"eoe, m/f/v/d"
enter all media from register into the tally program.
enter deposits into banking system (i.e. otcnet).
enter guest orders accurately and efficiently into the pos system.
enter orders into the pos system; accept payments using proper cash handling procedures. accurately count cash back to our guest.
enter updated summonses and fees into automated system;
entering and leaving golden corral are two of the most critical moments in the guest’s experience because lasting impressions are formed during these moments. the cashier / host’s interactions with our guests and these impressions ultimately dictate whether the guest will return.
entering orders in the point-of-sale system
enters all sales into the cash register to ensure purchases are accurately recorded.
"enters internal repair order information into computer system, and posts to"
enters order accurately into the pos system
enters sales into the cash register to ensure purchases are accurately recorded.
"enters ticket sale, accepts payment, processes transaction, and makes correct change."
"enthusiasm and a sense of adventure, see the glass as half full"
enthusiastic: shows intense and eager enjoyment and interest
"environment: work is performed primarily in a shop setting with frequent interruptions and distractions; extended periods of time using shop equipment including computers, viewing computer monitors, shop equipment etc.; interactions with other individuals. due to the nature of the work environment, there is exposure to loud noises, chemicals, fumes, dust and heat."
"environmental exposure to extreme temperatures (coolers, ovens, freezer, outdoors, etc)."
environmental job conditions
environmental requirements:
"eoe basic function: utilizes a quality customer service orientation, receives payment from customers for parking services and facilitates the flow of traffic through the gate by performing the following duties. responsibilities"
essential functions and basic duties:
essential functions and responsibilities:
essential functions of the job
"essential functions of the position: the intellectual and physical demands described below are representative of what must be met by crewmembers to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. lift and carry, push or pull heavy objects up to xx pounds"
ethics & integrity - earns others’ trust and respect through consistent honesty and professionalism in all interactions.
evaluate performance of cash associates and provide feedback.
evening (preferred)
evening (required)
evening and weekend hours as needed for shea's theater shows downtown location
evening weekday shifts and weekend shifts.
"evenings & weekend shifts xpm to close (closing times: weekdays xxpm-friday & saturday xxpm, allow half-hour for clean-up)."
evenings and weekends are a requirement. experience working with a pos system in the restaurant industry is preferred.
evergreen yes
every other week
every other weekend rotation (x-x and xx-x)
every team member deserves the star treatment! each career comes with a variety of benefits for both hourly and salaried team members.
"every team member deserves the star treatment! each career comes with a variety of benefits for both hourly and salaried team members. *benefits may vary by career category, see career listing for exact details*"
"every verve employee must be committed to delivering the highest quality coffee to our customers every time, but we also pride ourselves on outstanding customer service and a welcoming vibe. our cafes are beautiful showcases of our world-class coffee, but it's the staff that makes verve truly special."
everyone working in our restaurant is expected to:
examples of duties...
exceed customer expectation by actively listening to their needs in order to provide amazing service in a timely manner at the point of sale.
exceed guests’ expectation by actively listening to their needs in order to provide amazing service in a timely manner at the point of sale.
"ethical, honest, trustworthy, and respectful"
ethical conduct
estimates food requirements.
essential qualifications
essential functions – include and are not limited to:
"essential functions: * providing differentiated customer service by anticipating customer needs, demonstrating compassion and care in all interactions, and actively identifying and resolving potential service issues * focusing on the customer by giving a warm and friendly greeting, maintaining eye contact and offering help locating additional items, when needed * accurately perform cashier duties - handling cash, checks and credit card transactions with precision while following company policies and procedures * maintaining the sales floor by restocking shelves, checking in vendors, updating pricing information and completing inventory management tasks as directed by store manager * supporting opening and closing store activities, when needed * providing customer support to all departments, including photo and beauty, ensuring departments are fully stocked and operational while remaining current with all updated services and tools * assisting pharmacy personnel when needed, including working regular shifts in the pharmacy as part of opportunities for growth and career development * embracing and advocating for new cvs services and loyalty programs that support our purpose of helping people on their path to better health"
essential job function:
essential job functions
essential job functions and work environment:
essential job requirements
"essential knowledge, skills and abilities required:"
essential position responsibilities:
"essential requirements: ability to communicate with associates and customers. ability to freely access all areas of the store including selling floor, stock area and register. ability to operate and use all equipment necessary to run a retail store. ability to climb ladders. ability to work varied hours/days as business dictates."
estimate delivery times according to business volume.
essential responsbilities
essential responsibilities:
essential skills and experience:
essentials for life in paradise
"establish and/or identify parking fees and tabulate total using calculators, cash registers, scanners or mental math skills."
"establish or identify prices of goods, services or admission, and calculate bills using cash registers, computers, or calculators"
"established by chef and founder david chang in xxxx with the opening of momofuku noodle bar, momofuku has grown to include restaurants in new york city, washington d.c., sydney, toronto, las vegas, and los angeles; a casual chicken spot (fuku); and a bakery (milk bar), established by award-winning pastry chef christina tosi. the restaurants have gained world-wide recognition for their innovative take on cuisine, while supporting local, sustainable and responsible farmers and food purveyors."
"established landmark restaurant in the heart of quaint sierra madre is seeking energetic and motivated individual for a host position. qualified candidates will value a fast paced environment, is self motivated, would be able to multi task, is able to wear a smile under pressure, and enjoys being a part of a team. flexible schedule, free parking and easy hours. come join our team today!"
"ensuring the smooth and efficient checkout of guests, including bagging products, answering guest questions regarding store specials, products, and services offered."
"ensuring that work areas are ready to service customers by cleaning surfaces, equipment, and floors, removing trash, and confirming that tools are in working order."
ensure forms and supplies are stocked at all times.
"ensure that all retail facing environments are kept neat, tidy, stocked, and to company standards."
ensure that associates assigned to the cash and wrap consistently follow all policies and procedures including established safety procedures; communicate any policy violation to the leadership team in a timely manner.
ensure that associates assigned to the cash wrap consistently follow all policies and procedures including established safety procedures; communicate any policy violation to the leadership team in a timely manner.
ensure that cashiers adhere to all employment practices and policies.
ensure that daily log for armored car activities is completed accurately.
"ensure that each customer receives outstanding service by providing a customer friendly environment which includes greeting and acknowledging every customer, maintaining outstanding standards, solid product knowledge and all other components of customer service."
"ensure that each customer receives outstanding service by providing a friendly environment, which includes greeting and acknowledging every customer, maintaining outstanding standards, solid product knowledge and all other aspects of customer service."
ensure that each guest receives our gold standard service
ensure that guests have the best shopping experience ever
"ensure that merchandise are properly displayed, stocked and labeled."
"ensure that store staff is treated professionally, courteously and respectfully"
ensure that sufficient change has been procured from the bank prior to shift
ensure that sufficient change has been procured from the bank prior to shift.
"ensure that the booth, gates, and surrounding areas are kept clean, orderly, safe and operating efficiently at all times."
ensure that the counter area is kept clean and organized at all times
ensure that the counter area is kept clean and organized at all times.
ensure that you adhering to food safety procedures at all times
ensure that you are aware of current advertised items and specials
ensure the highest quality of food and drink
ensure the overall guest experience exceeds expectations and anticipate guests’ needs
ensure that all safety measures are consistent with the salvation army policy and government regulations and all personnel are in compliance.
"ensure that all pricing, signing & display guidelines are followed."
"ensuring proper preparation, presentation, and freshness of all foodservice products"
ensure that a quality product is being served to customers
ensure fresh ads are stocked in shopping carts at all times.
ensure guests are satisfied with meal and service. respond promptly and courteously to any requests.
ensure guests are satisfied with the food and service. respond promptly and courteously to any requests.
ensure highest standards of client service
"ensure kiosk is stocked effectively, food is stored properly, beverages are prepared correctly and the retail set-up is presented according to the cafe supervisor’s desire."
"ensure merchandise displays are stocked, clean, dust free, and appealing to customers."
"ensure order is taken properly, by repeating orders back to the guest."
ensure pizzas are put in the oven on time.
ensure positive experiences for all impark partners and clients
ensure pricing is correct
ensure proper handling and care of merchandise
ensure proper packaging and wrapping of purchased merchandise
ensure proper record retention.
ensure quality of pizza.
ensure retail excellence such as fifo accuracy and quality control
ensure return merchandise is restocked to the correct product location on the sales floor; all damaged and defective merchandise is properly labeled and placed in appropriate area at the end of each shift.
ensure sales floor is adequately stocked.
"ensure store manager is made aware of all sales, cash or operating discrepancies."
ensure successful customer interactions.
"ensure the proper identification is produced when selling alcohol, tobacco, and lottery tickets, if applicable."
"ensure the quality of the food leaving the kitchen. maintain our standards and always strive for perfection, every time."
ensure the restaurant is always clean and welcoming for guests
ensure the store is neat and clean.
ensures quality control and consistency of all foods.
ensures security of company assets
"ensures table selection corresponds with proper rotation, customer seating preference and size of party."
"ensures that all federal, state, and local safety regulations and rules are met."
"ensures that all guests are treated in a prompt, professional and courteous manner."
"ensures that all opening and closing procedures are performed. procedures include but are not limited to: auditing safe; assuring equipment is in good, working order; stocking check stand area with bags, register receipt tape, etc.; setting up individual daily schedules, setting up all audit sheets."
"ensures that each guest receives outstanding guest service by providing a guest-friendly environment which includes greeting and acknowledging every guest, maintaining exceptional communication standards, solid product knowledge, and a sincere desire to delight every guest."
ensures that guest are called concerning phone-in orders remaining in the store over xx minutes and that the product is placed under refrigeration until pick-up.
ensures that poker dealers and poker chip runners are accurately and efficiently supplied with gaming chips in the poker room.
ensures that work area is clean and sanitary in accordance with health department codes.
ensures thorough communication between shifts.
"ensuring cleanliness in dining area including but not limited to removing dishes from tables and taking them to the kitchen for cleaning, refilling sauces, and cleaning sauce containers as needed"
ensuring guest satisfaction by openly communicating with management if any service issues arise
"ensuring guests are served quickly, efficiently and in a pleasant manner"
ensuring items are well stocked
"ensuring merchandise is accurately accounted for, handled, and ready for customer pick-up."
"ensuring merchandise is accurately accounted, scanned, and meets the needs of customers."
ensuring merchandise is accurately scanned and meets the needs of the customer.
"ensuring proper preparation, presentation, and freshness of all food service products."
ensures proper sanitation and food product handling
ensures proper merchandise presentation is maintained in accordance with company standards
ensures inventory is rotated properly.
ensures balancing procedures and appropriate paperwork has been completed and submitted for supervisor confirmation at shift end.
ensure work area is clean and well maintained per impark’s / reef parking's standards
ensure work area is maintained to impark’s standards
ensure you deliver exceptional customer service that is consistent and beyond expectations.
"ensures accurate and efficient operation of the register; includes cash management of the drawer throughout their shift, correct distribution of change and ensuring debit and credit are processed properly. periodically and successfully completes produce identification test."
ensures all register areas are clean and tidy and stocked with the necessary bagging supplies. maintains company housekeeping standards and sets an example for others in keeping the registers comfortable and an efficient space to work.
ensures all sales are processed according to policy.
"ensures appropriate procedures are followed for the signing of cash drawers as well as performs even exchanges, drops and ensures accuracy while completing applicable transactions."
ensures backup coverage for host stand when necessary.
ensures cash drawer balances at the end of the shift
ensures every aspect of the sunglass hut experience is impeccably executed throughout the store.
"ensures compliance with all sanitation, servsafe and safety requirements."
ensures compliance with company service standards and inventory and cash control procedures.
ensures compliance with sanitation and safety requirements.
"ensures compliance with state and local laws regarding regulated products (e.g., alcoholic beverages and tobacco products)."
ensures customer care and selling are #x priority
ensures drawer balances with daily paperwork.
"ensures each customer who passes through their lane receives outstanding service by greeting and acknowledging every customer, inquiring if any assistance is needed, listening to the needs of customers, maintaining solid product knowledge, and thanking them for shopping."
ensures each guest receives outstanding guest service by adhering to the company’s circle of service standards
 working with a team
